{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch154\stshfhich154\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f154\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f1834\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1835\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1837\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f1838\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1841\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1842\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f154\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1973112\rsid7879313\rsid9589266\rsid11559270\rsid15930463\rsid16460121}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Mark Lindemann dictating a progress note on patient Cynthia Alexander}{\author  }{\operator santosh.singh}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr17\min45}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr17\min45}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords267}{\nofchars1543}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws1809}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot1973112 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11559270 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid9589266 
\par The patient}{\insrsid11559270\charrsid11559270  is seen at the request of staff. She has scratched an area below her navel and opened and created an open wound. There is some mild slough. T
here is no surrounding cellulitis or drainage. This appears to be the top of an old incision. The patient has had adjustments made to her dialysis medications to control phosphorus levels. The patient herself is noncompliant with diet and has had high pho
s
phorus levels likely leading to itching. She is on multiple antipruritic agents and this will be extended again today with new formulations of [skip] to be ordered make that with new preparations of products aimed at topical relief. I did discuss with sta
f
f today. She is instructed not to scratch. Unfortunately Benadryl caused her significant sedation in the past. If she continues to scratch this may once again have to be utilized orally. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical examination vital sig
n
s blood pressure 124/71, pulse 80, respirations 17. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender. It is obese. Open wound noted just below the navel approximately a quar
t
er in size. Extremities trace edema noted in generalized fashion. Skin no rashes noted. Wound is noted above. Assessment number one abdominal wound. next number hyperphosphatemia. Next number end-stage renal disease on dialysis. next number noncompliance 
w
ith diet. Next number hypertension. Next number arrhythmia. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2. Next number hyperparathyroidism. Next number hyperlipidemia. Plan encouraged to stick to diet. Medication adjustments have been made. We will continue to try
 to search for antipruritic combination that will help the patient. Continue to encourage compliance in dietary matters.}{\insrsid1973112 
\par }}