{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch154\stshfhich154\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f154\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f1834\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1835\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1837\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f1838\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1841\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1842\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f154\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid159302\rsid4415272\rsid4849716\rsid10628664\rsid11278268\rsid12981515\rsid16253993}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Mark Lindemann dictating a progress note on patient Jerry White}{\author  }{\operator santosh.singh}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr17\min49}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr17\min49}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords273}{\nofchars1576}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws1848}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot16253993 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10628664 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\b\insrsid159302  }{\insrsid12981515 
\par The patient}{\insrsid10628664\charrsid10628664  is seen today on rounds. He was not able to be seen by wound care this week. The patient continues to have a wound at the right buttoc
k. There is it appears to be a little bit better. There is no surrounding cellulitis but he does appear to have abscess underneath. The abscess is not responding to oral antibiotics in any significant way and thus he will need to be seen by a surgeon for 
p
ossible I and D. The patient will need to be seen in the ER for such. I did discuss with his wife today. He has continued to have a poor appetite and anorexia is to be added to his diagnosis. He has lost weight per staff. This was expected given his histo
r
y of significant dysphagia and dementia. The patient did at one point have a PEG tube placed but this was self removed and was unable to be replaced given his pulling at the site given his pulling at his PEG tube. Review of systems otherwise unobtainable 
s
econdary to dementia. Physical examination vital signs blood pressure 157/83, respirations 18, pulse 80. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart irregularly irregular. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended, nontender with positive bowel s
o
unds times four. Extremities no edema, clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin patient has a small wound to the right buttock underlying is an abscess which has not gotten particularly smaller. Assessment number one buttocks abscess. Next numb
e
r dementia. Next number bipolar disorder. Next number anorexia. Next number weight loss. Next number Parkinsonism. Next number history of pulmonary embolism. Next number history of dysphagia. Next number history of debility. Plan will need to be seen in t
he ER for possible I and D. Continue oral antibiotics for the time being. Continue local wound care. Anorexia to be added to his listed diagnosis. Dietary to follow.}{\insrsid16253993 
\par }}