{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f43\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f44\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f46\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f47\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f48\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f49\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f50\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f51\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid15410222 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid204240\rsid556280
\rsid2047302\rsid2051790\rsid2374119\rsid3681008\rsid3689360\rsid5512248\rsid5982172\rsid6034090\rsid6686036\rsid6836069\rsid7951254\rsid8669696\rsid8806197\rsid9050444\rsid9197998\rsid9263863\rsid10124070\rsid11293843\rsid11998478\rsid12794559
\rsid13447903\rsid15410222\rsid15932142\rsid16083113\rsid16321656\rsid16517533}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Mark Lindemann dictating progress note on patient [skip] consultation on patient Robert Young patient number 300629}
{\author  }{\operator pradumn}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr5\min24}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr5\min24}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords373}{\nofchars2128}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2497}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot11998478 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Pradumn (p)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid15410222 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid6836069 
\par }{\insrsid6836069\charrsid9197998 The patient }{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 is seen today on rounds. He is seen at the request of }{\insrsid6034090\charrsid9197998 physician}{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 . He is known to me from 
recent admission to }{\insrsid6034090\charrsid9197998 hospital}{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 , where he was admitted after suffering ground level fall with humeral fracture. T
his was treated conservatively. He did improve in therapy while there, improved in functionality and improved in ability to perform activities of daily living, but still saw some need for further therapy. He is now been transitioned on to }{
\insrsid6034090\charrsid9197998 hospital }{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 for skilled level care. He denies new complaints today. He denies any chest pain, shortness of breath or sputum production. Past medical history significant for diabetes m
ellitus type 2, hyperlipidemia, hypertension, gait instability, coronary artery disease, CVA, history of fall. Social history patient lives at home with his wife. He does no smoke or drink. Allergies no known drug allergies. Medication list n
otable for atenolol, atorvastatin, verapamil, Colace, lisinopril, [skip], metformin, MiraLax, omeprazole, omeprazole, oxybutynin, Plavix, }{\insrsid3681008\charrsid9197998 and }{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 tramadol. Family history noncontributory 
to age and presentation. Review of systems patient denies shortness of birth. He denies
 chest pain. He denies dizziness. He denies headache. He denies nausea. He denies abdominal pain. He denies diarrhea or constipation. He denies edema. He denies joint ache. Review of systems is otherwise negative. P}{\insrsid3681008\charrsid9197998 
hysical exam}{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998  vital signs blood pressure }{\insrsid3681008\charrsid9197998 not available }{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 [skip] pulse 85, respirations 15. Most recent blood sugar 136. Weight 146. HEENT no JVD noted. H
eart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen soft, nondistended, nontender. Extremities right}{\insrsid9263863\charrsid9197998  arm in a sling. }{\insrsid15410222\charrsid9197998 No edema noted. Skin no rashes noted. N
euro no focal deficit appreciated. Laboratory sodium 144, potassium 4.0, chloride 108, bicarb 32, glucose 142, BUN 10, creatinine 0.81. White blood cell count 7200, hemoglobin 11.5, hematocrit 34.5%. Platelet count 27000. Assessment number one f
all with humeral fracture, treated conservatively. Next number hypertension. Next number diabetes mellitus type 2, fairly well controlled. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number history of CVA. Next number coronary artery disease. Next number g
ait instability. Next number mild anemia. Plan continue therapy here. Monitor blood pressure overtime. Monitor Accu-Cheks overtime. Glucophage is relatively new medication for the patient. We will continue to monitor BMP in regards to his usage
. Continue therapy. I appreciate the consultation. We will follow up with you.
\par }}