{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f685\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f686\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f688\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}
{\f689\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f692\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f693\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red10\green36\blue106;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid198498\rsid421221\rsid1518139\rsid1866861\rsid2041761\rsid2174418\rsid2452733\rsid3624388\rsid6181599\rsid6976910\rsid7362107\rsid7826161\rsid7935561\rsid7944918\rsid8462611\rsid8940606\rsid9530248\rsid9699419\rsid11608584\rsid12066587
\rsid12655388\rsid12785490\rsid13771759\rsid15084004\rsid15103376\rsid15605776\rsid15672494\rsid15862049\rsid16210601\rsid16274233}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info
{\title Mark Lindemann dictating a consultation on patient Calvin Bostock medical record number 300642}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min54}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min54}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}
{\nofwords368}{\nofchars2100}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2464}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440
\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale165\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot6976910 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid1518139\sftnbj 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\nowidctlpar\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8940606 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid421221 
\par }{\insrsid12655388\charrsid15672494 The patient }{\insrsid8940606\charrsid15672494 is known to me from recent admission at }{\insrsid9530248\charrsid15672494 Hospital}{\insrsid9530248  Name}{\insrsid8940606\charrsid15672494 
. He is a pleasant 88-year-old Hispanic male who was admitted to }{\insrsid9530248\charrsid15672494 Hospital}{\insrsid9530248  Name}{\f38\fs20\cf17\insrsid9530248\charrsid16274233  }{\insrsid8940606\charrsid15672494 
with decline in functional status. He did develop significant dehydration, moderate renal insufficiency and recurrent hyp
erkalemia. He was evaluated by Nephrology and did receive Kayexalate on multiple [skip] on multiple days due to significant hyperkalemia. He is not on any nephrotoxic medications nor potassium increasing medications. He has been limited to a strict low po
t
assium diet. He is known to have history of dementia, hypertension, chronic pain, diabetes mellitus which is extremely labile in nature and history of urinary tract infection. Today his review of systems is limited by dementia. Physical make that past med
i
cal history is significant for that mentioned above. Surgical history includes nephrectomy. Patient has solitary kidney. Medication list notable for acetaminophen, Aranesp, also add anemia of chronic disease to his admitting diagnoses or make them to his 
p
ast medical history, Aricept continues this medication list. Next medication is Lasix, sliding scale insulin with NovoLog. Social history patient does not smoke or drink. Allergies no known drug allergies. Family history noncontributory to age on presenta
t
ion. Review of systems limited by dementia. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 156/80, pulse 70, respirations 20. He is afebrile. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, nondistended
, nontender. Extremities no edema noted. Skin no rashes noted. Assessment number one recurrent hyperkalemia. Next number history of renal insufficiency. Last [skip] creatinine at }{\insrsid16210601\charrsid15672494 Hospital}{\insrsid16210601  Name}{
\f38\fs20\cf17\insrsid16210601\charrsid7362107  }{\insrsid8940606\charrsid15672494 was much closer within normal limits at approximately 1.5. Next number dementia. Next number labile diabetes mellitus with widely varying sugars \{slash\}
 brittle diabetes mellitus. Next number dementia if already mentioned. Next number failure to thrive. Next number debility. Plan he will need frequent BMP would do such on M
ondays and Thursdays would have standing order for a Kayexalate given. He needs to maintain a low potassium diet, this is absolutely required to avoid problems we will try to manage sugars as best as able. It has been a quite a battle given the lability o
f his blood sugar readings to such a point that he has been maintained on sliding-scale only. I appreciate the consultation. We will follow with you.}{\insrsid6976910\charrsid15672494 
\par }}