{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid938980\rsid1187255\rsid1200056\rsid1837549\rsid2952694\rsid5441768\rsid5507872\rsid5907231\rsid7161890\rsid8468105\rsid8875778\rsid9589922\rsid9915200\rsid11757573\rsid12068987\rsid12718637\rsid13975002\rsid14427693\rsid14812250}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Mark Lindemann dictating a consultation on patient Pamela Carver medical record number 300649}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min53}
{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min53}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords313}{\nofchars1789}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2098}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot5907231 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid12068987 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid13975002\charrsid9915200 
\par The patient }{\insrsid12068987\charrsid9915200 is seen today on rounds. She is seen make that she is in followup from }{\insrsid1837549\charrsid9915200 Hospital }{\insrsid1837549 Name }{\insrsid12068987\charrsid9915200 
where she has been admitted with CVA with dysphagia and aphasia. She is known to have insulin dependent diabetes mellitus and hypertension as risk factors. She has
 been placed on a modified diet which is essentially pureed with nectar-thick liquids. She says that she is having trouble in taking fluids with such restrictions in place. She does seem more vibrant and potent since I visited with her last. Her voice is 
s
tronger. She denies new complaints otherwise. Review of systems otherwise negative. Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2, hypertension. Allergies no known drug allergies. Social history the patient does not smoke or drink. Fami
l
y history noncontributory to age and presentation. Medication list notable for Anusol suppository, aspirin, lactobacillus, Levemir, lisinopril, loratadine, metoprolol and simvastatin. Please add to past medical history hyperlipidemia. Review of systems pa
t
ient denies chest pain. She denies cough. She denies fevers, chills or sweats. She does have trouble swallowing. This is improving. Voice has been stronger than it has been. Review of systems otherwise negative. Physical exam vital signs blood pressure 14
3
/95, pulse 99, blood sugar 213. HEENT no JVD noted. Heart regular rate and rhythm. Lungs no wheezes or rhonchi are noted. Abdomen is soft, obese, nondistended, and nontender. Extremities no edema or clubbing or cyanosis of the extremities noted. Skin no r
a
shes noted. Laboratory previous recent Accu-Cheks 213. Assessment number one CVA. Next number aphasia. Next number dysphagia. Next number diabetes mellitus, type 2. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number allergic rhinitis. Next number history of URI. Pla
n
 continue speech therapy. Continue physical therapy, occupational therapy. Check CBC and BMP in the morning. Resume Accu-Cheks four times a day. Monitor for need for increased insulin therapy. Continue to monitor blood pressure for now. May need increase 
in blood pressure if blood pressure remains high.}{\insrsid5907231\charrsid9915200 
\par }}