{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi37\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f409\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f410\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f412\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f413\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f416\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f417\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid350594\rsid1656972\rsid2253595\rsid2842235\rsid2952599\rsid3356283\rsid3487328\rsid3880030\rsid4328422\rsid4407007\rsid4473082\rsid4610273\rsid4804637\rsid5255445\rsid6959956\rsid7080612\rsid7429837\rsid8482260\rsid8533044\rsid8667797
\rsid9844368\rsid9986337\rsid10256050\rsid11284640\rsid11420990\rsid11560650\rsid11561923\rsid11929102\rsid12189946\rsid12276346\rsid12329781\rsid12999529\rsid13072642\rsid13397476\rsid13594597\rsid14292399\rsid14358214\rsid15432225\rsid15748836
\rsid15867298\rsid16014963\rsid16131842\rsid16200200\rsid16525617\rsid16532564\rsid16598555}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title Dr}{\author  }{\operator ets}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min40}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min40}
{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords586}{\nofchars3343}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3922}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot8533044 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - sganesh (GS)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#>}}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2253595 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 History is as follows the patient is a 66-year-old female who is well known to our service from an inpatient stay at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13594597 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972  from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3880030\charrsid1656972 Month DD, YYYY }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 until }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3880030\charrsid1656972 
Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 . She originally woke up in the morning with nausea and vomiting and left-sided weakn
ess. She was she had tried to get out of bed but was unable to. She was ended up on the floor for greater than 24 hours. She was seen by EMS and brought to the hospital. MRI revealed an acute versus subacute infarct in the left posterior inferior cerebell
ar artery. She was not a candidate for TPA. She was stabilized and transferred to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13594597 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13594597\charrsid1656972  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid13594597 o}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 n }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3880030\charrsid1656972 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 
. During her rehab hospitalization, she underwent physical therapy to upgrade mobility and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily l
iving, speech therapy for cognitive and language rehabilitation. She has now been stabilized and is being discharged to she is being admitted to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13594597 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid13594597\charrsid1656972  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 for subacute rehabilitation. Past medical history is significant for diabetes mellitus type 2 wit
h neurologic manifestation, diabetic neuropathy, leukemoid reaction, nicotine or tobacco addiction and hyperlipidemia. Past surgical history none. Social history He lives she lives in an apartment in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid8482260\charrsid1656972 city}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16532564\charrsid1656972  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972 alone. I am unsure who her family doctor is. Allerg
ies no known drug allergies. Medications on admission include aspirin 81 mg q. day, clonidine 0.1 mg q. day, Benadryl q.6 hours as needed for itching, Flonase nasal spray two sprays each nostril q. day, Anusol suppositories as needed twice daily, Levemir 
i
nsulin 70 units q.h.s., sliding scale NovoLog, acidophilus probiotic capsule twice daily, lisinopril 5 mg q. day, Claritin 10 mg q. day, melatonin 6 mg q.h.s., metoprolol 25 mg b.i.d., nitroglycerin 0.4 mg as needed for chest pain, Sudafed 60 mg q. 4 hour
s
 as needed, Zocor 20 mg q.h.s. Review of systems she complains of left-sided weakness and difficulty to swallow. She denies any nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation, wheezing, shortness of breath, cough, chest pain, abdominal pain, back pain, neck pai
n
, headaches, dizziness, fevers nor chills. She denies any dysuria the remainder of the 14 point review of systems is essentially negative. On exam overweight female in no acute distress. Vital signs are stable. Blood pressure is 128/73, temperature 98.2, 
h
eart rate 99. HEENT extraocular motions intact. Mucous membranes moist without lesions. Lungs clear to auscultation without rhonchi, crepitus, or wheezing. Heart regular rate and rhythm without murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen protuberant, soft, nontender
,
 no organomegaly. Extremities with trace edema in the lower extremities. Spine without paraspinal tenderness. Neurologic mild left hemiparesis noted with ataxia. Decreased fine motor control noted in the left hand. Decreased sensation in a stocking distri
b
ution is noted. Labs sodium 140, potassium 4.2, chloride 102, CO2 29, glucose 156, BUN 11, creatinine 0.8, WBC 13.8, hemoglobin 14.3, hematocrit 42.4. Functional status is as follows left posterior and inferior cerebellar cerebrovascular accident. Number 
t
wo mild or left-sided dysmetria with decreased fine motor control. Number three mild left hemiparesis. Number four diabetes mellitus type 2 with neurologic manifestation. Number five diabetic neuropathy managed without neuropathic medication. Number six h
y
perlipidemia managed with diet and Zocor. Number seven morbid obesity or obesity mild obesity. BMI is 26 kg/m2. Benefits of weight loss discussed with patient. Dietitian is following with it. Number eight dysphagia managed with puree diet and nectar thick
 
liquids followed by speech therapy. Impaired mobility. Ambulating 15 feet with minimal-to-moderate assist with a rolling walker. Plan it is felt that the patient will benefit from continued subacute rehabilitation with physical therapy to upgrade mobility
 and occupational therapy to upgrade activities of daily living. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4407007\charrsid1656972 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2253595\charrsid1656972  thank you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid8533044\charrsid1656972 
\par }}