{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt Arial};}{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f315\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f316\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}{\f318\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt Arial};}{\f319\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt Arial};}{\f320\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt Arial};}
{\f321\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt Arial};}{\f322\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}{\f323\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt Arial};}{\f665\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}
{\f666\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f668\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f669\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f670\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f671\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}
{\f672\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f673\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f674\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid421449 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \ssemihidden \styrsid15619907 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid15619907 Balloon Text Char;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid143014\rsid329133\rsid421449\rsid676442\rsid679921\rsid725639\rsid1454169\rsid1856007\rsid2435739\rsid2578110\rsid2758502\rsid2783446\rsid2824077\rsid3095773\rsid3290964\rsid3564828\rsid3762741\rsid3946927\rsid4024146\rsid4135472
\rsid4598906\rsid4803263\rsid4855450\rsid5250667\rsid6191451\rsid6650102\rsid6904205\rsid7012813\rsid7409355\rsid7547626\rsid7628921\rsid7816485\rsid8137960\rsid8724488\rsid9046719\rsid9110837\rsid9134798\rsid9404411\rsid9577219\rsid9703576\rsid10356994
\rsid10568144\rsid10885912\rsid11539987\rsid11603437\rsid12074246\rsid12086243\rsid12216546\rsid12350320\rsid12479662\rsid12669227\rsid12808129\rsid12988193\rsid13042890\rsid13133376\rsid13336337\rsid13464002\rsid13646783\rsid13706442\rsid13904835
\rsid13922275\rsid14380509\rsid14633856\rsid15207831\rsid15427947\rsid15609724\rsid15619907\rsid15747659\rsid15802209\rsid16343641}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min29}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min29}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords572}{\nofchars3263}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3828}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot13464002 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid421449 
\f37\fs22\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\f1\insrsid16343641\charrsid11539987 The patient}{\f1\insrsid16343641  }{\f1\insrsid421449 is transferred from from the long-term nursing home }{\f1\insrsid13904835\charrsid11603437 Hospital}{
\f1\insrsid13904835  }{\f1\insrsid13904835 Name }{\f1\insrsid421449 because of right lower lobe effusion despite right lower lobe infiltrate. }{\f1\insrsid16343641\charrsid11539987 The patient}{\f1\insrsid16343641  }{\f1\insrsid421449 
is a pleasant older Caucasian lady who has a past medical history significant for chronic atrial fibrillation, cerebrovascular cerebrovascular accident with expressive aphasia, history of coronary artery disease, [skip] history of }{
\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid14380509 coronary artery disease}{\f1\insrsid421449 , history of osteoarthritis, gastroesophageal reflux disease, hypothyroidism, hypertens
ion, [skip] history of non-St elevation MI, anemia, dyslipidemia, history of urinary tract infection in the past, history of pressure ulcer of the left heel wound in the past \{period\}
 I was asked to evaluate patient because reportedly patient had a cough t
hat had persisted for the past week. According to the patient's private duty, patient also has a decreased oral intake for food and liquid. The patient is unable to be interviewed. Hence the history of present illness is somewhat limited and the history i
s taken from the private duty aide and patient's nurse. P}{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid6650102 ast medical history}{\f1\insrsid421449  as above mentioned. P}{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid6650102 ast surgical history}{\f1\insrsid421449  none. }{
\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid13706442 Allergies}{\f1\insrsid421449  }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid13706442 to Ceclor}{\f1\insrsid421449 . }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid4598906 Medications}{\f1\insrsid421449 
 reviewed and noted. See medication reconciliation form. The f}{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid1454169 amily history}{\f1\insrsid421449  noncontributory. }{\f1\insrsid7012813\charrsid1454169 Social }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid1454169 history}{
\f1\insrsid421449  resident of }{\f1\insrsid15747659\charrsid11603437 hospital}{\f1\insrsid15747659  }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid15747659 Long-Term Nursing Home}{\f1\insrsid421449 
. One daughter's grandchild involved in patient's care. Code status is DNR. There is no history of cigarette smoking or alcohol use. }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid15207831 Review of systems}{\f1\insrsid421449 
 essentially per history of present illness. In addition, we note that the patient is essentially wheelchair bound. She is now dependent in all activities of daily }{\f1\insrsid10356994 living \{period\} \{period\} Review of system }{\f1\insrsid421449 
I am sorry \{period\} [skip] }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid15207831 physical exam}{\f1\insrsid421449  found patient in bed, awaiting morning care. Patient appears in no distress. She smiled throughout the exam though she remained non-communicative \{period
\} On examination uses accessory muscles for breathing. No nasal flaring. }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid2824077 Vital signs}{\f1\insrsid421449  T-max is a 98.4, respiratory rate is 18 to 20, blood pressure}{\f1\insrsid13133376  is}{\f1\insrsid421449 
 blood pressure is 104/61, the weight is 111.8 pounds. The saturation was at 99%}{\f1\insrsid13133376 ,}{\f1\insrsid421449  it falls to between 88% to 97% \{period\} }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid2824077 Head and neck}{\f1\insrsid421449 
 anicteric. No neck vein distention. }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid7409355 Lungs}{\f1\insrsid421449  clear with fair to good air entry except for decreased breath sounds at the bases likely related
 to [skip] Regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1, S2. No gallop. }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid7409355 Abdomen}{\f1\insrsid421449  soft, normal bowel sounds, nontender. }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid7409355 Extremities}{\f1\insrsid421449  no pretibial edema. }{
\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid7409355 Neuro exam}{\f1\insrsid421449  alert, oriented to person, expressive aphasia. Moves all 4 extremities \{period\} }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid7409355 Laboratory data}{\f1\insrsid421449  WBC 13.6}{\f1\insrsid2783446 ,}{
\f1\insrsid421449  H and H is 9.4/26.4, differentials 70, 8.7 and 11.6}{\f1\insrsid13133376 , }{\f1\insrsid421449 platelet count is 332 \{period\} Sodium is 142, potassium 3.3, chloride 109, BUN creatinine 35 and 1.06 \{period\}
 Chest x-ray, right-sided effusion could be overlying infiltrative process, repeat chest x-ray [skip] patient is recommended \{period\} }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid2758502 Assessment and plan}{\f1\insrsid421449 
 the patient is assessed as right-sided pleural effusion, [skip] who }{\f1\insrsid421449\charrsid12479662 presented with}{\f1\insrsid421449  cough \{period\} [skip] who presented with cough. The CBC shows an elevation of the white count \{period\}
 One must
 be concerned about the possibility of pneumonia, particularly aspiration pneumonia. Hence patient will be started on [skip] IV antibiotics with Zosyn after blood cultures [skip] She will receive bronchodilator treatment for improved pulmonary toilet and 
also [skip] \{period\}
 Next chronic atrial fibrillation, rate controlled and patient on Xarelto for long-term anticoagulation [skip] present regimen. Next is a coronary artery disease with history of ST-elevation MI, currently without angina, euvolemic, and c
ardiac compensated. Continue same. Next is a history of hemorrhoid quiescent. Next history of hypothyroidism supplemented. [skip] next is a DVT prophylaxis. Now the patient is on Xarelto for history of atrial fibrillation. Precaution is in place. Thank yo
u.}{\f1\insrsid10568144\charrsid421449 
\par }}