{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid947493\rsid1385456
\rsid1539713\rsid2189595\rsid2389731\rsid2639355\rsid2849119\rsid2885028\rsid3414340\rsid3624186\rsid3818932\rsid4081528\rsid4082616\rsid4203299\rsid4397451\rsid6315301\rsid6323354\rsid6520155\rsid6710257\rsid7024975\rsid7035846\rsid7427202\rsid7933023
\rsid8192183\rsid8205937\rsid8534070\rsid8670008\rsid8717797\rsid8736084\rsid8793037\rsid8928303\rsid9782007\rsid10438351\rsid10690541\rsid10888471\rsid10967623\rsid12677096\rsid12915212\rsid13108637\rsid13130424\rsid13130966\rsid13388266\rsid13647461
\rsid13790865\rsid14254052\rsid14574363\rsid14578701\rsid15338396\rsid16153253\rsid16465245}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min54}
{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min54}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords703}{\nofchars4008}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws4702}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot7427202 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Repudot10 (Repudot10)#><#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid3624186 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid8192183 Reason for the consultation a}{\insrsid8717797 ssistance with managing of diabetes.}{
\insrsid8192183  History of the present illness t}{\insrsid8717797 he patient is a 46-year-old man with a history of hypertension, type 2 diabetes, sleep apnea, and morbid obesity}{\insrsid2639355  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797 
 The patient was initially admitted to }{\insrsid6315301 the }{\insrsid4082616 Hospital }{\insrsid4082616 Name }{\insrsid8717797 on }{\insrsid4081528\charrsid14578701 month d}{\insrsid2885028\charrsid14578701 d yyyy}{\insrsid14578701  }{
\insrsid8717797\charrsid14578701 w}{\insrsid8717797 ith }{\insrsid2639355 altered with }{\insrsid8717797 mental status changes}{\insrsid2639355  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797 
 The CT scan of the brain revealed intracranial hemorrhage, 3 x 2 x 2.2 cm left basal ganglia hematoma and 2.2 x 3.0 cm left thalamic hematoma}{\insrsid2639355  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797  In the emergency room, t
he patient required intubation and was placed on the ventilator.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 He was subsequently seen by }{\insrsid7035846 neurosurgical }{\insrsid8717797 neurosurgeon and neurologist during this admission}{\insrsid7035846  \{
period\}}{\insrsid8717797  The patient was not able to be weaned from the ventilator and therefore underwent tracheostomy placement. He is also on continuous tube feedings via PEG}{\insrsid7035846  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797  }{\insrsid7035846 He has a}{
\insrsid8717797 ccording to medical records, he has a history of pre-diabetes but was not treated with any medications prior to admission.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 During the hospitalization, his blood glucose was el
evated and insulin therapy was started}{\insrsid7035846  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797  He is currently on continuous tube feeding with Diabetisource at 60 mL/hour.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Blood glucose was 110 on admission to the hospital.}{
\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Review of the medical records from outside hospital reveals the glucose range was between 120 and 160 mg/dL.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 TSH was 0.50.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 
No history of the thyroid disease}{\insrsid8736084  \{period\} Past medical history h}{\insrsid6323354 ypertension, type 2 diabetes, hyperlipidemia, obstructive sleep apnea, m}{\insrsid8717797 o}{\insrsid6323354 rbid obesity, r}{\insrsid8717797 
espiratory failure, status post trache}{\insrsid6323354 ostomy, currently on ventilator, e}{\insrsid8717797 ncephalopathy secon}{\insrsid10438351 dary to intracranial hemorrhage, }{\insrsid6323354 l}{\insrsid10438351 ower extremity lymphedema, }{
\insrsid6323354 d}{\insrsid8717797 ysphagia, status }{\insrsid10438351 post gastrostomy tube placement, }{\insrsid6323354 c}{\insrsid8717797 ongestive heart failur}{\insrsid10438351 e with ejection fraction of 50% \{period\} Allergies to ibuprofen. }{
\insrsid3818932 Family history u}{\insrsid10438351 nknown.}{\insrsid3818932  Social history the patient has no history of smoking \{period\} Review of the systems l}{\insrsid8717797 
imited due to the encephalopathy but 12-point review of the system was obtained and the pertinent findings are mentioned in the history of the present illness}{\insrsid6520155  \{period\} Phy
sical examination generally patient is a well I am sorry the current medications current medications amlodipine 10 mg daily, Protonix 40 mg once a day, enoxaparin 40 mg daily, c}{\insrsid13647461 arvedilol 6.25 mg twice a day, Keppra 1000 mg twice a day, 
}{\insrsid8717797 Humalog sliding scale per protocol}{\insrsid13647461  \{period\} }{\insrsid6520155 Physical examination generally }{\insrsid8717797 patient is a well-developed morbidly obese man, currently on the ventilator.}{\insrsid3624186  }{
\insrsid8717797 He is awake and he follows simple commands.}{\insrsid13647461  Vital signs b}{\insrsid8717797 lood pressure 138/86, pulse is 79, temperature 98.3, respiratory rate is 24.}{\insrsid14574363  }{\insrsid8717797 HEENT}{\insrsid14574363  h}{
\insrsid8717797 ead is normocephalic and atraumatic.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Pupils are equal and reactive to light.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Extraocular muscles are intact.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 There is no icterus.}{
\insrsid8928303  Neck examination status }{\insrsid8717797 post tracheostomy.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 No goiter.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 No masses.}{\insrsid8928303  Chest breath }{\insrsid8717797 sounds are equal, decreased, bu
t no wheezing.}{\insrsid8928303  Heart is r}{\insrsid8717797 egular rate and rhythm.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 S1, S2.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 No gallop.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 No murmur.}{\insrsid8928303  Abdomen is o}{
\insrsid8717797 bese.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Status post gastrostomy tube placement.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 There is an umbilical hernia which is reducible.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Bowel sounds are present.}{
\insrsid8928303  Extremities b}{\insrsid8717797 ilateral lymphedema, left greater than right with venous stasis changes}{\insrsid2389731  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797  He has a Foley catheter in place.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 
There is scrotal edema.}{\insrsid2389731  Neurological examination r}{\insrsid8717797 evealed mild right-sided weakness}{\insrsid14254052  \{period\} Laboratory test f}{\insrsid8717797 rom outside hospital, WBC count 7.2, hemoglobin 16.7, hematocr
it 51.9, and platelets 101,000.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Sodium 135, potassium 3.3, chloride 98, bicarbonate 31, BUN 13, creatinine is 0.89, glucose 190}{\insrsid16153253  \{period\} Assessment t}{\insrsid8717797 ype 2 diabetes.}{
\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Currently blood glucose is stable but the patient was }{\insrsid16153253 just }{\insrsid8717797 transferred to our hospital.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 He 
was n.p.o. during the transportation; therefore, the blood glucose seems to be stable now.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 He is back on the tube feeding.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 
We will need to continue close monitoring and decide whether basal insulin therapy would be indicated.}{\insrsid16153253  Next}{\insrsid8793037  number is h}{\insrsid8717797 ypercapnic hypoxemic respiratory failure, currently ventilator depe}{
\insrsid8793037 ndent, status post tracheostomy. Next number is s}{\insrsid8717797 tatus post intracranial hemorrhag}{\insrsid8793037 e with resolving encephalopathy. Next number is e}{\insrsid8717797 ssential hypertension, currently controlled.}{
\insrsid8793037  Next number is d}{\insrsid8717797 ysphagia, status post gastrostomy tube placement.}{\insrsid8793037  Next number is obstructive sleep apnea. Next number m}{\insrsid8717797 orbid obesity.}{\insrsid8793037  Next }{\insrsid1385456 
number is b}{\insrsid8717797 ilateral lower extremity lymphedema}{\insrsid1385456  \{period\} Recommendations c}{\insrsid8717797 ontinue blood glucose monitoring every 6 hours.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 The patient already on 
Humalog sliding scale per protocol.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Continue tube feeding with Diabetisource at 60 mL/hour.}{\insrsid3624186  }{\insrsid8717797 Monitor electrolytes}{\insrsid1539713  \{period\}}{\insrsid8717797 
 Dietary evaluation to make sure that his tube feeding}{\insrsid10888471 s}{\insrsid8717797  are appropriate and the calorie requirements are satisfactory}{\insrsid1539713  \{period\} }{\insrsid8717797 Thank yo
u very much for letting me to participate in the care of this patient.}{\insrsid1539713  This is end of dictation.}{\insrsid8717797 
\par }{\insrsid4203299 
\par }}