{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid992194\rsid2056310\rsid2650522\rsid2773858\rsid3158076\rsid3410982\rsid3497930\rsid4205308\rsid4528992\rsid4548957\rsid4803978\rsid4855872\rsid5064991\rsid5452519\rsid6365391\rsid7277725\rsid7633999\rsid7753571\rsid7884490\rsid9193074
\rsid9462413\rsid9702871\rsid9911951\rsid10179375\rsid10224153\rsid10900209\rsid11089248\rsid11940090\rsid12202940\rsid12939862\rsid13065475\rsid13258626\rsid13402029\rsid15284003\rsid15621350\rsid15735744\rsid16202758\rsid16263367\rsid16545996
\rsid16736259}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Randy on next patient Gayla Holloway h o l l o w a y, medical record number is 031492, date of birth 1/26/57, Date of dictation February 20th 00:00:00 to 00:00:00}{\author  }
{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min7}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min7}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords340}{\nofchars1939}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2275}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot13258626 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Peridot4 (Peridot4)#><#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4803978 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 
History of present illness this is a 60-year-old female here for followup of her thyroid nodule and vertigo. She states over the interim she has been doing well. She has completed her Epley maneuver sessions at }{\insrsid15284003 Hospital Name}{
\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 . She states her dizziness and lighthead
edness has improved excuse me [skip] has resolved. She is no longer having any difficulty. She did have a recent thyroid ultrasound due to a nodule which revealed a sub-centimeter nodule on the left where followup was recommended in six months. She states
 
otherwise she has been feeling well. She has continued to have somewhat of a dry hacky cough. She and her husband state it has gotten better over the last several weeks as it is most notable prior to going to bed. She denies any fever or other symptoms. P
h
ysical examination general well-developed, well-nourished female resting comfortably on the exam table in no acute distress. HEENT conjunctivae show adequate vascularity and moisture. Buccal mucosa is pink and moist. Neck shows adequate carotid upstrokes,
 
no bruits, no JVD. Heart normal rate, regular rhythm. Normal S1, normal S2. PMI is discrete not significantly lateralized. Chest and lungs; chest showed full excursion, lungs are clear to auscultation bilaterally without wheezes, rales or rhonchi. Neuro e
x
amination shows patient is alert and oriented.  There were no gross motor or sensory deficits appreciated. Vital signs were noted at 137/85, pulse 83, respirations 20, pulse ox 96%, temperature of 98.2. Assessment and plan this is a 60-year-old female wit
h known hypertension, dyslipidemia, anxiety, depression, and past history of pulmonary embolism in }{\insrsid4205308 yyyy }{\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 
with thyroid nodule and vertigo. Impression one hypertension, well controlled on current regimen. Next impression dyslipidemia, stable on statin therapy.
 Next impression anxiety and depression, well controlled on BuSpar, Wellbutrin, and Cymbalta. Next impression history of pulmonary embolism. She will continue with her statin and aspirin as she is. Next impression thyroid nodule sub-centimeter on the left
, reassuring by recent ultrasound. We will plan for repeat followup in six months. Next impression }{\insrsid9702871 v}{\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 ertigo, resolved status post Epley maneuvers at }{\insrsid15284003 Hospital Name}{
\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 . She will return to see us as scheduled. Sign }{\insrsid992194\charrsid9462413 the}{\b\insrsid992194\charrsid992194  }{\insrsid992194\charrsid9462413 physician}{\insrsid4803978\charrsid4803978 .}{\insrsid13258626 
\par }{\insrsid9462413\charrsid4803978 
\par }}