{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch154\stshfhich154\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}{\f36\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Lato{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f154\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f304\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f305\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}
{\f307\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f308\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f309\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}{\f310\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f311\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}
{\f312\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}{\f1834\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1835\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1837\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f1838\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1841\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}{\f1842\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f154\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid30553\rsid200329\rsid607387\rsid725131\rsid803156\rsid1139474\rsid1186517\rsid1857297\rsid1986360\rsid2129262\rsid2755427\rsid3173112\rsid3348834\rsid3369622\rsid3631060\rsid3763468\rsid3877832\rsid4395610\rsid4614531\rsid4740704
\rsid5114774\rsid5271108\rsid6170923\rsid6180640\rsid6377612\rsid6502193\rsid6905957\rsid7150935\rsid7481704\rsid8533432\rsid8718306\rsid8730047\rsid9395002\rsid10242205\rsid10310950\rsid10362020\rsid10372479\rsid10422275\rsid11431892\rsid11958253
\rsid13117633\rsid13393002\rsid13453848\rsid13463758\rsid14370944\rsid14841191\rsid14942677\rsid15474035\rsid15800919\rsid16390045}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator santosh.singh}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr19\min38}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr19\min38}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords936}{\nofchars4991}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws5926}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot3348834 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - repudot7 (repudot7)#><#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid30553 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid6180640 
\par }{\insrsid30553 Chief complaint}{\insrsid11431892  is a}{\insrsid30553 bnormal blood pressures and freezing with rigors and chills.}{\insrsid1186517  }{\insrsid30553 H}{\insrsid1186517 istory of present illness t}{\insrsid30553 his is a pleasant 81-yea
r-old female}{\insrsid3369622 ,}{\insrsid30553  patient of }{\f36\insrsid6180640\charrsid607387 The Physician}{\insrsid30553 , who came in and ha}{\insrsid3369622 d}{\insrsid30553 
 been seen in the office recently for fevers and rigors with significant tremors and chills. She states first of all that she has had abnormal blood pressures where her blood pressures will go up to 191s}{\insrsid6377612 /}{\insrsid30553 
80s and they will come down. This has been going on for about five days. She states that she has been having shaking chills with rigors and fevers up to 100.3. She was seen by her primary care and rapid flu was obtained, which was supposedly negative
. She states that she has been nauseous and has not had a bowel movement over the past week}{\insrsid13453848  \{period\}}{\insrsid30553 
 She is here for further evaluation and treatment. In the emergency room, she was noted to have a significant hyponatremia and we wanted to make sure that she was monitored with her last admission}{\insrsid13453848 .}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid13453848 
Supposedly }{\insrsid30553 she was hyponatremic at that time as well, but it seems to have resolved. }{\insrsid13453848 Patient }{\insrsid30553 will be acutely admitted for further evaluation and treatment.}{\insrsid803156  }{\insrsid30553 A}{
\insrsid803156 llergies are to amoxicillin causes a rash. Statins cause severe muscle pain and back pain. }{\insrsid30553 C}{\insrsid803156 urrent medications a}{\insrsid30553 t home}{\insrsid803156  a}{\insrsid30553 spirin 81 mg once daily}{
\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid4395610 g}{\insrsid30553 limepiride }{\insrsid4395610 1 mg actually }{\insrsid30553 0.5 mg once a day in the morning}{\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid4395610 l}{\insrsid30553 
isinopril 30 mg at bedtime.}{\insrsid803156  }{\insrsid30553 P}{\insrsid803156 ast medical history s}{\insrsid30553 ignificant for}{\insrsid803156  h}{\insrsid30553 ypertension}{\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid803156  }{\insrsid4395610 d}{\insrsid30553 
iabetes mellitus type 2}{\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid4395610 h}{\insrsid30553 istory of urinary bladder cancers, status post surgical excision}{\insrsid4395610  , b}{\insrsid30553 
asal cell carcinoma with Mohs procedure, status post excision.}{\insrsid4395610  }{\insrsid30553 P}{\insrsid4395610 ast surgical history i}{\insrsid30553 ncludes}{\insrsid4395610  h}{\insrsid30553 ysterectomy}{\insrsid4395610 , a}{\insrsid30553 
ppendectomy}{\insrsid4395610 , u}{\insrsid30553 rinary bladder tumor resection}{\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid4395610 b}{\insrsid30553 asal cell carcinoma}{\insrsid4395610 ,}{\insrsid30553  Mohs procedure}{\insrsid4395610 , b}{\insrsid30553 
ilateral cataract surgeries.}{\insrsid4395610  }{\insrsid30553 S}{\insrsid4395610 ocial history s}{\insrsid30553 he lives in }{\insrsid30553\charrsid607387 City }{\insrsid30553 
with her husband. She has been well until recently. She does have three adult children. }{\insrsid13393002 Denies }{\insrsid30553 any tobacco or alcohol abuse and no IV drug abuse.}{\insrsid13393002  }{\insrsid30553 F}{\insrsid13393002 amily history m}{
\insrsid30553 other died at 92 of cardiac problems and possibly a stroke. Father died at 73 with a history of cardiac problems and brother who died of myocardial infarction.}{\insrsid13393002  On physical, review of symptoms, generally, n}{\insrsid30553 
o recent weight}{\insrsid13393002 , questionable recent, no recent weight}{\insrsid30553  gain, positive loss of appetite, }{\insrsid13393002 no fever, p}{\insrsid30553 ositive fever and fatigue}{\insrsid13393002  and night, n}{\insrsid30553 
o night sweats.}{\insrsid13393002  }{\insrsid30553 HEENT }{\insrsid13393002 n}{\insrsid30553 o headaches, eye pain, sore throat pain.}{\insrsid13393002  Pulmonary}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 n}{\insrsid30553 o cough}{\insrsid10422275 ,}{
\insrsid30553  sputum production.}{\insrsid10422275  Cardiovascular}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 n}{\insrsid30553 o chest pain, paroxysmal nocturnal dyspnea, }{\insrsid10422275 or }{\insrsid30553 dyspnea on exertion.}{\insrsid10422275  }{
\insrsid30553 GI }{\insrsid10422275 n}{\insrsid30553 o dysphagia}{\insrsid10422275  nausea, p}{\insrsid30553 ositive nausea}{\insrsid10422275 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 no}{\insrsid30553  vomiting}{\insrsid10422275 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{
\insrsid10422275 no}{\insrsid30553  diarrhea}{\insrsid10422275 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 p}{\insrsid30553 ositive constipation. No hematemesis or hematochezia.}{\insrsid10422275  Genitourinary}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 d}{
\insrsid30553 enies any current dysuria, frequency, urgency, hematuria, or discharge.}{\insrsid10422275  Neurologic}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 d}{\insrsid30553 efinite weakness.}{\insrsid10422275  On physical examination}{\insrsid30553  }{
\insrsid10422275 t}{\insrsid30553 emperature 98.7, pulse 75, respiratory rate 16, blood pressure 153/70, saturation 97% on room air. She is 65 kg.}{\insrsid10422275  Generally,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10422275 s}{\insrsid30553 
he is an elderly alert and oriented patient in no acute respiratory distress, well}{\insrsid10422275  }{\insrsid30553 groomed, well}{\insrsid10422275  }{\insrsid30553 nourished.}{\insrsid10422275  }{\insrsid30553 HEENT }{\insrsid10422275 n}{\insrsid30553 
ormocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils }{\insrsid10422275 were twinkling, in no distress, oh HEENT pupils }{\insrsid30553 
are equal, round, and reactive to light. Extraocular movements are intact. No conjunctival injection. Tympanic membranes nonerythematous. Nasal mucosa is nonerythematous. Oropharynx, nonerythematous. }{\insrsid15800919 Neck, d}{\insrsid30553 
ry mucous membranes.}{\insrsid15800919  Neck is}{\insrsid30553  Supple without any apparent audible bruits. No JVD.}{\insrsid15800919  Lungs}{\insrsid3877832  are}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid3877832 w}{\insrsid30553 
ith bilateral breath sounds, but good movement of air.}{\insrsid3877832  Cardiovascular exam is r}{\insrsid30553 egular rate and rhythm. Normal S1 and S2. No apparent gallops, rubs, or murmurs.}{\insrsid13117633  Abdomen}{\insrsid30553  }{
\insrsid13117633 s}{\insrsid30553 oft, nontender, and nondistended. No hepatosplenomegaly. Bowel sounds are active}{\insrsid13117633 , nondistended}{\insrsid30553 .}{\insrsid13117633  Extremities}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid13117633 are w}{\insrsid30553 
ithout cyanosis, clubbing, or edema.}{\insrsid13117633  Muscle strength, cardio, neuro exam c}{\insrsid30553 ranial nerves II through XII essentially int
act. Muscle strength in the upper and lower extremities are approximately 5/5 in the upper and lower extremities.}{\insrsid13117633  }{\insrsid30553 L}{\insrsid13117633 aboratory examination }{\insrsid30553 
EKG revealed normal sinus rhythm with sinus arrhythmia, left ventricular hypertrophy, non-specific ST changes. Urinalysis showed dark yellow appearing urine that is a clean catch. Specific gravity 1.013, pH }{\insrsid10242205 of }{\insrsid30553 
6.0, trace protein, 3+ blood, negative nitrites, }{\insrsid10242205 3}{\insrsid30553 + leukocyte esterase}{\insrsid10242205 ,}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid10242205 w}{\insrsid30553 hite blood cell count 20 to 100, many bacteria. White count was 10.0 with }{
\insrsid10242205 a }{\insrsid30553 hemoglobin of 14.1, hematocrit }{\insrsid10242205 of }{\insrsid30553 41.9, MCV of 81.3, platelet of 190. Sodium 126, potassium 3.8, chloride 95, bicarb 19, BUN 11, creatinine 0.66, glucose}{\insrsid10372479  of}{
\insrsid30553  136, GFR greater than 60.}{\insrsid10372479  }{\insrsid30553 A}{\insrsid10372479 ssessment and plan}{\insrsid10310950  is number one is urinary tract, number one is }{\insrsid10372479 h}{\insrsid30553 yponatremia with assoc
iated tremors or rigors}{\insrsid11958253 . Further }{\insrsid30553 evaluation will be obtained. Further workup such as urine electrolytes as well as urine osmolality and serum osmolality will be obtained to see why she is hyponatremic.}{\insrsid14841191 
 Next number is u}{\insrsid30553 rinary tract infection, questionable sepsis. At this point in time, we will go ahead and start her on Levaquin and continue hydration for the meantime and monitor very closely.}{\insrsid1986360  Next number is r}{
\insrsid30553 igors and elevated temperatures}{\insrsid5271108 .}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid5271108 Supposedly,}{\insrsid30553  rapid flu was negative. Blood cultures have been obtaine
d. Urine cultures have been obtained. Lactic acid will be obtained. Further workup will be obtained at this time.}{\insrsid5271108  Next number}{\insrsid6905957 , next number is}{\insrsid5271108  h}{\insrsid30553 ypertension}{\insrsid6905957 .}{
\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid6905957 Continue }{\insrsid30553 lisinopril at 30 mg an}{\insrsid6905957 d I}{\insrsid30553  will go ahead and continue hydralazine 10 mg as needed.}{\insrsid1139474  Next number is d}{\insrsid30553 
iabetes mellitus. We will hold her glimepiride}{\insrsid10362020  and}{\insrsid30553  just utilize }{\insrsid2755427 the }{\insrsid30553 sliding insulin scale and we placed her on clear liquid diet for now until she is reevaluated. }{\insrsid2755427 
Next number is l}{\insrsid30553 ow bicarb, which I will obtain arterial blood gases for further evaluation of respiratory versus metabolic acidosis.}{\insrsid14370944  Next number is c}{\insrsid30553 
onstipation, which we will go ahead and start her bowel care.}{\insrsid16390045  Next number is }{\insrsid30553 GI prophylaxis, which we will go ahead and make sure that she is start}{\insrsid8533432 ed }{\insrsid30553 on }{\insrsid8533432 some kind of }{
\insrsid30553 Protonix.}{\insrsid8533432  }{\insrsid30553 DVT prophylaxis}{\insrsid8533432 .}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid8533432 We }{\insrsid30553 have started her on Lovenox. We will inform the doctors covering for }{\f36\insrsid9395002\charrsid607387 
The Physician}{\insrsid30553  }{\insrsid6170923 or }{\insrsid30553 to follow in the morning.}{\insrsid6170923  This is the }{\insrsid5114774 end of dictation. Thank you very much.}{\insrsid30553 
\par }}