{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch38\stshfhich38\stshfbi38\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f301\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f304\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f305\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f307\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f681\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f684\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f685\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f688\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f689\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f38\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid2039209\rsid2099316\rsid2705848\rsid2769651\rsid2913910\rsid4459479\rsid5727616\rsid6440425\rsid6567709\rsid7673934\rsid8290191\rsid8651722\rsid8793505\rsid8869555\rsid9589407\rsid11539356\rsid11743632\rsid13569563\rsid14318110
\rsid15274044}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Patient last name West first name Greg birth date is right I am sorry birth date is 06/13/1985 preop diagnosis is right knee medial meniscal tear}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr22\min34}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy20\hr22\min34}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords283}{\nofchars1614}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws1894}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot15274044 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Repudot12 (Repudot12)#><#4 - Repudot9 (Repudot9)#><#4 - Repudot9 (Repudot9)#><#4 - Repudot9 (Repudot9)#><#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11743632 Preop }{\insrsid2913910 diagnosis is right knee medial meniscal tear. Postop diagnosis same with addition of patellar chondromalacia, synovitis. Operative procedu
re was number one right knee arthroscopy. Number two partial medial meniscectomy. Number three chondroplasty of the patella. Surgeon }{\insrsid8651722 the physician }{\insrsid2913910 
and staff anesthesia with general anesthesia. Operative procedure in supine position placed under general ane
sthesia. No tourniquet was used or placed. Leg was prepped with triple prep and draped in standard fashion. Standard anterolateral and anteromedial portal were established. Diagnostic arthroplasty revealed the patella had a lateral condylar flap \{period
\} And medial condylar flap \{period\} And little crack of cartilage in the trochlear groove and then inflammatory tissue over the lateral aspect of the femoral condyle \{period\} Scope [skip] scope was place in the medial compartment of the knee \{period
\} The cond
ylar surface intact. The medial meniscus had a posterior horn tear which was complex and a partial medial meniscectomy was performed with arthroscopic biter, shaver smoothed with monopolar system. Scope was placed in the intercondylar notch. ACL graft was
 intact but there was significant fraying of the anterior third of it \{period\} Which was trimmed with arthroscopic shaver \{period\}
 Scope was [skip] lateral compartment of the knee, lateral condylar surface was intact as was the lateral meniscus. Scope was p
laced in the suprapatellar pouch and a chondroplasty of the patella of two patellar flaps was performed medially and laterally and then removed the inflammatory tissue along the medial femoral condyle which was causing erythema on the medial aspect like t
he medial trochlea medial femoral condyle area \{period\} The area was widely irrigated drained 30 mL of 8% Marcaine 5 mg of Duramorph placed intraarticularly. Portals were closed with 4-0 Prolene stitch end dictation.
\par }{\insrsid5727616 
\par }}