{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f303\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f304\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f306\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f307\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f309\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f673\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f674\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f677\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f680\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f681\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid677962\rsid740017\rsid1468752\rsid2909261\rsid4485642\rsid4673124\rsid5971940\rsid6906642\rsid7892760\rsid8411937\rsid8651970\rsid9707461\rsid11208577\rsid11886808\rsid12077209\rsid12865208\rsid13122149\rsid13569563\rsid13960444
\rsid14110556\rsid16530222}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This operative report goes to Donald Serkleski medical record number 44580 date of procedure is 4/6/2017}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr16\min29}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr16\min29}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords342}{\nofchars1950}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2288}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot2909261 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Repudot9 (Repudot9)#><#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid4485642 
Preprocedure diagnoses number one chronic pain syndrome. Number two lumbo low back pain. Number two lumbosacral radiculopathy. Post procedure diagnoses same. Procedure is lysis of epidural adhesions with fluoroscopy. Surgeon }{\insrsid14110556 
the physician}{\insrsid4485642 . Complications none. Estimated blood loss minimal. Anesthesia is MAC. Room time was at 929. Start time was 943. 
\par Patient has a history of chronic low back pain with radicular symptoms down his lower extremities. Patient has tried multiple treatments in the past without any
 significant relief. Patient describes the pain as sharp, stabbing, burning pain, affecting activities of daily living as well as sleep. I discussed with the patient about the risks and benefits of the procedure. Patient consented. ASA monitors were in pl
a
ce including blood pressure cuff, EKG and pulse oximetry. Also oxygen was given via nasal cannula. Patient was then placed in prone position. Lower lumbar area was then prepped and draped sterilely lidocaine I am sorry fluoro was used to visualize sacral 
h
iatus in the lateral position. Once visualized skin was anesthetized with lidocaine 1% 5 cc introducer 14-gauge was then advanced under intermittent fluoroscopy guidance through the sacral hiatus. [skip] was made confirmation at the epidural space was mad
e
 by injecting Isovue. AP was then used visualize the L5-S1 level. Once visualized I Racz catheter r a c z was then advanced under intermittent fluoroscopy guidance. After injecting 10 more cc of Isovue there was decreased filling from L5 and above bilater
a
lly. The Racz catheter was then advanced. Both sides were cleared up to the L2 level with the catheter. It was then retracted back to the L5-S1 interspace 5 cc containing 80 mg of Depo-Medrol with normal saline was then injected. After negative aspiration
 
for blood or CSF the catheter as well as introducer needle was removed and intact. Bacitracin was placed over the site of introduction. Hemostasis was appreciated. Patient was then sent to recovery room in stable condition. After lying flat for an hour pa
tient was then sent home in the care of a responsible adult. Next line fluoroscopic interpretation and reading Racz catheter present at the L5-S1 interspace. Total fluoro time is 77.5 seconds. Total fluoro was 7.57 milli rads great thanks bye.
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6906642 {\insrsid740017 
\par }}