{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f302\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Lato{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f685\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}{\f686\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f688\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}
{\f689\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f692\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f693\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;\red10\green36\blue106;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid9529579 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid162832\rsid484684
\rsid812279\rsid1245595\rsid1514252\rsid1777402\rsid1993199\rsid2831029\rsid2908844\rsid2949441\rsid3091389\rsid3092714\rsid3169032\rsid3241901\rsid3361670\rsid3674191\rsid3743032\rsid4204476\rsid4344054\rsid4597033\rsid4602937\rsid5310075\rsid5532071
\rsid5918672\rsid6389095\rsid6913164\rsid7405888\rsid7695859\rsid8271507\rsid9529579\rsid9530599\rsid9591916\rsid10179448\rsid10240252\rsid10360699\rsid10514440\rsid10639260\rsid10773342\rsid11226088\rsid11424532\rsid11999993\rsid12156270\rsid13129733
\rsid13637663\rsid14041517\rsid14512011\rsid14565028\rsid14884777\rsid15140464\rsid15492380\rsid16144797\rsid16256291\rsid16714939\rsid16737630}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Hello good morning Dr}{\author  }
{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min37}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min37}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords516}{\nofchars2944}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3454}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale160\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot812279 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#><#4 - Santosh (santosh)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14512011 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid9529579 
\par }{\insrsid14512011\charrsid8271507 I would like to thank }{\insrsid11226088\charrsid8271507 the physician }{\insrsid14512011\charrsid8271507 for this consultation. Reason for consultation, urinary retention. History of present illness, }{
\insrsid1993199\charrsid8271507 the patient }{\insrsid14512011\charrsid8271507 is a 75-year-old male patient \{period\} Patient resides in a skilled nursing facility and initially}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011  presented to }{
\insrsid10514440\charrsid10514440 Hospital}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011  }{\insrsid3361670 Name }{\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011 in }{\f302\insrsid3361670\charrsid8271507 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid3361670\charrsid14512011  }{
\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011 \{period\} He had altered mental status, confusion, and respiratory distress \{period\} Patient was treated medically and found to have a bacterial pneumonia \{period\}
 He also had fungal therapy as well. He eventually required a tracheostomy and gastrostomy tube placement \{period\} He is now transferred here for further treatment. During his hospitalization, he has been having difficulty with urination \{period\}
 He has been unable to void and has a very small and weak urge in order to void \{period\} He has been catheterized daily in order to drain his bladder. His residual urine is about 500 cc \{period\}
 No prior history of prostate cancer or previous prostate surgery \{period\} His urine output has been fairly clear. His past medical and surgical history, emphysema, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, chronic a
spiration pneumonia, abdominal aortic aneurysm \{period\} Past surgical history, abdominal aortic aneurysm stent placement \{period\} Tracheostomy placement \{period\} Gastrostomy tube placement \{period\} Social history, patient is an ex-smoker \{period
\} He currently lives in a skilled nursing facility \{period\} Family history, none that he is aware of. Medications currently taking, tetracycline, colistin, digoxin, Solu-Medrol, Mucomyst, Reglan, insulin, amiodarone, Levemir \{period\}
 Review of systems, review of systems is negative other than the above \{period\} He is complaining of some mild diffuse abdominal discomfort, but no severe abdominal pain \{period\}
 He does not have a history of prostate cancer or previous nephrolithiasis \{period\} Physical examination, vital 
signs, blood pressure 103/56, respirations 20, pulse 78, temperature 98.9. He is on a T-piece with 94% saturation. Head is normocephalic. Mouth is moist \{period\} Neurologically, he is alert, interactive. Sclerae without icterus \{period\}
 Nose, no nasal bleeding. Mouth is moist \{period\}
 Heart rate is normal. Lungs, no wheezing noted. He is on a T-piece at this time. GU, no Foley catheter present. Urine output has been clear. Testes are nontender. Rectal exam is deferred. Extremities, there is no lower extremi
ty edema. AFOs are present on both lower extremities. Skin, no jaundice. Lymph nodes, no inguinal lymphadenopathy present \{period\}
 Diagnostic laboratory studies, white blood cell count 7.2, hemoglobin 8.1, platelet count 194,000. BUN 48, creatinine 0.80 respectively. Assessment, urinary retention, BPH. Plan}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid4602937 , }{\insrsid3091389\charrsid4602937 
the patient }{\insrsid14512011\charrsid4602937 continues to have difficulty with urination. His previous urinary tract infection was on }{\f302\insrsid7695859\charrsid4602937 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid4602937 , which}{
\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011  revealed Acinetobacter \{period\} Those cultures were here from }{\insrsid3361670\charrsid10514440 Hospital}{\insrsid3361670\charrsid14512011  }{\insrsid3361670 Name}{\b\f38\fs20\cf17\insrsid3361670  }{
\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011 \{period\} For now, we will continue with Infectious Disease treatment as needed. From a urinary standpoint, he is having difficulty with urination \{period\}
 I will defer the Foley catheter, but continue with medical therapy for his urination. He is currently on tams
ulosin twice daily. I will begin bethanechol, and likely, I will start finasteride in the future. His blood pressure has been stable, and it remains stable. We may consider changing tamsulosin to terazosin \{period\}
 The above plan was discussed with him. [skip] }{\insrsid3091389\charrsid4602937 the patient}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid4602937 . End}{\insrsid14512011\charrsid14512011  of dictation. Thank you.}{\insrsid10639260\charrsid14512011 
\par }}