{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f40\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Lato{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f346\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f347\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f349\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f350\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f351\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f352\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f353\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f354\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f356\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE;}{\f357\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr;}{\f359\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek;}{\f360\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur;}{\f361\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew);}
{\f362\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic);}{\f363\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic;}{\f364\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1114974\rsid2325083\rsid2452828\rsid3746106\rsid3747075\rsid3948161\rsid4934236\rsid5731114\rsid5779451\rsid5918672\rsid6582585\rsid7226453\rsid7239156\rsid7341104\rsid7354839\rsid7503242
\rsid9008801\rsid9580373\rsid9897490\rsid10452107\rsid11825066\rsid12147303\rsid13058961\rsid13263113\rsid13838070\rsid14182198\rsid14242982}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title Hello good morning Dr}{\author  }{\operator Administrator}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy19\hr19\min47}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy19\hr19\min47}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords701}{\nofchars3996}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws4688}{\vern24617}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/
office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot7239156 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9008801 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 Hello good morning }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2452828\charrsid7354839 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839  dictating urology consultation on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2452828\charrsid7354839 the patient}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . V number }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 XXXXX}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . M number }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 XXXXX}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . Date of visit is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . Referring physician is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3948161\charrsid7354839 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . Reason for consultation is urinary retention. History of present illness, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2452828\charrsid7354839 the patient}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2452828\delrsid2452828\charrsid7354839  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 is a 77-year-old female patient \{period\} She has chronic cardiac disease including atrial fibrillation \{period\}
 Patient also has a bioprosthetic aortic and mitral valve \{period\} She was admitted with confusion and sepsis in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 . The patient\rquote s symptoms started at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9580373\charrsid7354839 city}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839  in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839  after she had a traumatic fall \{period\} She sustained a right hip fracture and underwent hip replacement surgery in }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13058961\charrsid7354839 city}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13058961\charrsid7354839  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 at the end of }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839  and was discharged home \{period\}
 Patient then developed confusion, new onset of sepsis and was readmitted to the hospital and underwent I and D in December \{period\} She was found to have bacteremia with positive blood cultures \{period\} 
She was treated appropriately. She eventually underwent a gastrostomy tube \{period\} More recently, she did have a difficulty with urination \{period\} She is unable to void \{period\}
 She states that her urinary symptoms started around two months ago. She normally urinates every one to two hours during the day and has nocturia times two. She is now unable to void and requires in-and-out catheterization daily \{period\}
 Her urine output has been clear. She does not have any flank pain \{period\} No history of nephrolithiasis \{period\} No prior history of bladder cancer \{period\}
 She has never been a smoker in the past. Past medical and surgical history, right hip fracture status post hip arthroplasty in}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7226453\charrsid7354839  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid7341104\charrsid7354839 
city}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 , chronic atrial fibrillation, I am sorry bioprosthetic aort
ic and mitral valve replacement in 2011, hypertension, hypothyroidism, gastroesophageal reflux disease, GI bleeding, aspiration pneumonia, respiratory failure, depression, anemia, cardiac arrest, pacemaker placement, diastolic heart failure, gout, hyperli
pidemia, obesity, coagulopathy, thrombocytopenia. Social history, patient lives at home. She is divorced \{period\} She states that she has never been a smoker. No illicit drug use \{period\}
 Family history, none that she is aware of. Allergies, sulfa, iodine, colchicine, penicillin, shellfish, adhesive tape \{period\} Review of systems, review of systems is negative other than the above \{period\}
 She does not have any shortness of breath or chest pain. She is unable to void. Although, she has a very weak urge to void at times \{period\}
 Medications currently taken, magnesium, meropenem, Tylenol, Mucomyst, albuterol, ipratropium, allopurinol, vitamin C, Venelex, Celebrex, Lasix, Lopid, heparin, Apresoline, Levaquin, Synthroid, Ativan as needed, Maalox as needed, Melat
onin, Reglan, Pravachol, prednisone, primidone, Zoloft, simethicone, sucralfate, trazodone, vitamin D, and zinc oxide topical ointment \{period\}
 Physical examination, blood pressure 111/57, respirations 20, pulse 80, temperature 98.2. She is on nasal cannula face mask with 28% FiO2 and 100% saturation \{period\} Head is normocephalic \{period\}
 Neurologically, she is alert, awake, oriented and appears to be appropriate \{period\} Eyes, pupils are reactive to light \{period\} Sclerae without icterus. Ears, no discharge noted. Mouth is moist \{period\} No lesions present. Neck is supple \{period
\} No thyroid masses. Heart rate is normal and controlled at this time. Lungs, no wheezing. Abdomen is very soft, nondistended. GU, urine output has been clear via in-and-out cathet
erization. She is unable to void on her own. She does have diapers, and they have been dry \{period\} Her bowel movements have been normal. No rectal bleeding \{period\} Extremities, no lower extremity edema. Skin, no jaundice or petechiae \{period\}
 Diagnostic laboratory studies, white blood cell count 18.0, hemoglobin 7.6, platelet count 347,000. BUN 57, creatinine 0.74 respectively. Assessment, urinary retention, neurogenic bladder. Plan, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid11825066\charrsid7354839 the patient}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11825066\delrsid11825066\charrsid7354839  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 is having difficulty with urination. She does require in-and-o
ut catheterization daily in order to drain her bladder \{period\} At this time, I will defer the Foley catheter \{period\} She is not on medical therapy for urination, and I will begin medications this morning to include terazosin and bethanechol \{period
\} We w
ill continue with bladder scan residual urine every six hours with straight catheterization as needed to keep her residual urine within 450 cc. Her renal function has been stable and will be monitored. Urine culture will be checked as needed. Her last uri
ne culture on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af1 \ltrch\fcs0 \f40\insrsid6582585\charrsid7354839 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6582585\delrsid6582585\charrsid7354839  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 
reveals Enterobacter, and treatment will be deferred to Infectious Disease \{period\} [skip] }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11825066\charrsid7354839 the patient}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid9008801\charrsid7354839 
. End of dictation. Thank you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3746106\charrsid7354839 
\par }}