{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f41\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f43\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f44\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f47\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f48\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid91250\rsid918925\rsid1049207\rsid1340679\rsid2771936\rsid3476787\rsid3804262\rsid4283705\rsid5060887\rsid5075282\rsid5388364\rsid5601392\rsid6033263\rsid6422726\rsid7043331\rsid7871137
\rsid9727223\rsid9793373\rsid11087877\rsid11167006\rsid11283793\rsid11885664\rsid11954944\rsid12209214\rsid12209297\rsid13193695\rsid13331538\rsid13645671\rsid14241674\rsid14943773\rsid14972547\rsid15019784\rsid15821204\rsid16350530}{\*\generator Microsof
t Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title \\ Hello}{\author  }{\operator Subin}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr19\min9}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr19\min9}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords709}{\nofchars4043}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws4743}
{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot1340679 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2771936 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 Hello. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5388364 The physician }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 
dictating urology consultation on Date of consult }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14241674 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 . Referring physician }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14241674 
the physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 . I would like to thank }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14241674 the physician }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 for thi
s consultation. Urinary reason for consultation urinary retention. History of present illness }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14241674 The patient }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 is a 72-year-old male patient \{period
\} Patient has been a long-time smoker for over 50 years and quit 4 months ago \{period\} He has chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with severe lung disease in addition to hypertension \{period\} He was admitted to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid13193695 Hospital Name }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 with shortness of breath and dyspnea \{period\} Patient was treated aggressively with medical therapy and antibiotic therapy \{period\}
 Patient had a CT scan of the chest, which revealed no evidence of pulmonary emboli and no evidence of pneumonia at that time, but still has significant disease \{period\} He was transferred here for further treatment.  He has unfortunatel
y been unable to void \{period\} His urine output has been clear without any bleeding; however \{comma\}
 he is unable to void spontaneously and requires in and out catheterization.  Yesterday evening, he was having such difficulty with urination and suprapubic pain that the Foley catheter was replaced yesterday \{period\}
 His urine output has been draining adequately overnight \{period\} He normally urinates very frequently throughout the daytime.  He also has nocturia as well.  No prior history of prostate cancer or previous prostate surgery \{period\}
 Past medical history/surgical history end-stage lung disease, severe COPD, hypertension, acute bronchitis, hyperlipidemia. Social history patient smoked one pack per day for 50 years.  He quit 4 months ago.  He denies any drug use \{period\}
 He has 2 to 3 gin and tonics daily \{period\} Family history none that he is aware of. Allergies penicillin, penicillin causes him to have a rash \{period\} Medications currently taken include the following IV fluids, azithromycin, potass
ium, acetaminophen, acetylcysteine, Zyloprim, Norvasc, vitamin C, Ecotrin, Lipitor, Tessalon capsules, Dulcolax, Wellbutrin, Clonidine, vitamin B12, Docusate, Enoxaparin, iron sulfate, folic acid, Lasix, Mucinex, guaifenesin with codeine, hydralazine, Lev
e
mir, regular insulin, ipratropium, Imdur, Bio-K capsule, Xopenex, Claritin, Ativan p.r.n., magnesium oxide, methylprednisolone, Metoprolol, Singulair, morphine as needed, fleet's enema as needed, Zofran as needed, Protonix, Advair Diskus, Senokot, Mylicon
, Diovan, Ambien as needed. Review of systems review of systems is negative other than the above.  He does not have any shortness of breath or chest pain at this time \{period\}
 He is tolerating the Foley catheter.  He does not have any flank pain bilaterally
.  No history of nephrolithiasis. Physical examination general patient is alert, awake, appropriate, and interactive. Vital signs blood pressure 130/61, respirations 22 to 24, heart rate 93, temperature 98.4. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid7871137 he is alert, awake, appropriate, and interactive.  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid13331538\charrsid2771936 Eyes }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 
no icterus noted.  He has disconjugate gaze.  Ears hearing is normal bilaterally without discharge.  Mouth is moist. Heart rate is normal. Lungs no wheezing \{period\} No use of accessory muscles. Neck is supple. }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid5601392 Heart rate is normal.  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 Abdomen is ob
ese, rounded, tympanitic.  There is no abdominal pain or discomfort. GU no flank pain bilaterally.  Foley catheter is absent.  No penile bleeding.  I am sorry Foley catheter is present. No penile bleeding.  Urine output is clear.  No testicular pain.  Rec
t
al exam is deferred due to his Foley catheter placement. Extremities moderate bilateral lower extremity edema. Skin no jaundice or petechiae. Lymph nodes no inguinal lymphadenopathy present. Diagnostic laboratory studies white blood cell count 27.3, hemog
lobin 10.2, platelet count 188,000.  BUN 51, creatinine 1.25 respectively. Assessment BPH, urinary retention. Plan }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5075282 t}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6422726 he patient }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 had a significant residual urine yesterday \{period\} His residual urine was over 1 liter and had around 2500 mL drained in about 3 to 4 hours \{period\}
 I will continue with the Foley catheter for now.  We will plan for voiding trial over the next several days.  I will begin medical therapy for his urination today to include alpha-blocker therapy with terazosin and be
thanechol.  We will also consider starting finasteride in the future as well \{period\} His previous urine culture revealed Enterococcus from 03/23 \{period\} He is currently being followed by Infectious Disease and treatment will be deferred to them \{
period\} If unable to void after the catheter has been removed, we will begin in and out catheterization at that time \{period\} The above plan was discussed with him and nurse \{period\} }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11283793 
end of dictation thank you }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936 I would like to thank }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11283793 the physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2771936\charrsid2771936  o
nce again, for this consultation. Thank you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid12209297\charrsid2771936 
\par }}