{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch155\stshfhich155\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f155\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f1844\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1845\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1847\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f1848\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1851\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1852\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f155\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1847214646\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }
{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2
\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'02.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0
{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'03.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'04.;}{\levelnumbers
\'01;}\fi-360\li3600\lin3600 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'05.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li4320\lin4320 }{\listlevel\levelnfc0
\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698703\'02\'06.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5040\lin5040 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1
\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext\leveltemplateid67698713\'02\'07.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li5760\lin5760 }{\listlevel\levelnfc2\levelnfcn2\leveljc2\leveljcn2\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\leveltext
\leveltemplateid67698715\'02\'08.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-180\li6480\lin6480 }{\listname ;}\listid1564946739}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1564946739\listoverridecount0\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid799067\rsid2365475\rsid4464123\rsid5134786
\rsid7734348\rsid8285327\rsid9181747\rsid9855235\rsid12276545\rsid12801404\rsid14184584\rsid14184967}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Good morning this is Dr}{\author  }{\operator santosh.singh}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr15\min38}
{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr15\min38}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords472}{\nofchars2695}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3161}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot12276545 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9855235 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid799067 
\par }{\insrsid9855235 Reason for consultation coronary artery disease and old myocardial infarction.
\par 
\par History of present illness the patient is a 66-year-old gentleman with history of coronary artery disease, status post coronary artery bypass surgery many years ago who recently also had a myocardial infarction \{period\}
 The patient has respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy \{period\} The patient is now at }{\insrsid9855235\charrsid2365475 Hospital}{\insrsid9855235  for pulmonary rehab and respiratory therapy \{period\} The pa
tient last had angioplasty and stent in August 2016 to left circumflex \{period\} The patient was on aspirin and Plavix but the aspirin was stopped due to some bleeding and now the patient is only on Plavix \{period\} The patient denies any chest pain \{
period\} He reports occasional palpitations \{period\}
\par 
\par Past medical history number one coronary artery disease. Number two old myocardial infarction with stents to left circumflex in August 2016. Next number nonsustained ventricular tachycardia. Next number hyperte
nsion. Next number hyperlipidemia. Next number chronic congestive heart failure. Next benign prostatic hypertrophy. Next number respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy.
\par 
\par Allergies amoxicillin and clavulanic acid.
\par 
\par Current medication includes atenolol, Plavix, tamsulosin, folic acid, finasteride, albuterol, Atrovent, atorvastatin.
\par 
\par Social history the patient currently does not smoke or drink.
\par 
\par Family history is noncontributory.
\par 
\par Review of systems per history of present illness, otherwise unremarkable.
\par 
\par Physical examination general well developed, well nourished gentleman, in no acute distress \{period\}
 Temperature is 99, heart rate is 92, respirations 22, blood pressure 109/83, pulse ox 97%. HEENT normocephalic, atraumatic. Anicteric sclerae. Neck tracheostomy is in place. The patient is on T-tube. Lungs coarse breath sounds bilaterally \{period\}
 No active wheezing \{period\} Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. 2/6 systolic ejection murmur \{period\} Abdomen positive bowel sounds, soft, nontender, nondistended \{period\}Extremities no peripheral edema \{period\}
\par 
\par Laboratory data white count is 9, hemoglobin 9.7, hematocrit 28, platelet count is 524. Sodium 136, potassium 4.3, chloride 101, bicarb is 25, BUN of 20, creatinine 0.71, glucose 121, magnesium is 1.6,
 INR is 1.2. EKG shows sinus rhythm with left ventricular hypertrophy, left axis deviation, no significant ST elevation \{period\}
\par 
\par Assessment and recommendations number one coronary artery disease. The patient is currently stable without angina. The patient is on appropriate atenolol and Plavix \{period\} I will restart the aspirin \{period\} The patient is also on a statin \{period
\} Number two old myocardial infarction. Again, the patient is on appropriate beta blocker, aspirin, and statin \{period\} We will continue to monitor \{period\} Number three nonsustained ventricular tachycardia, these are brief episodes \{period\}
 Continue to correct the electrolytes including magnesium and potassium \{period\} Next number hypertension, currently controlled \{period\} Next number hyperlipidemia. The patient is on atorvastatin \{period\}
\par 
\par Thank you very much, }{\insrsid4464123\charrsid2365475 the physician}{\insrsid9855235 , for allowing me to consult on your patient\{period\}}{\insrsid12276545 
\par }}