{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch155\stshfhich155\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f155\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f294\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f295\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f297\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f298\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f299\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f300\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f301\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f302\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f1844\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1845\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1847\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f1848\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1851\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f1852\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f155\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid1139079\rsid2240833\rsid3016326\rsid4214830\rsid6447007\rsid7288146\rsid10118689\rsid12217109\rsid14680148\rsid15746988}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Good morning this is Dr}{\author  }{\operator santosh.singh}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr15\min51}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy21\hr15\min51}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords365}{\nofchars2244}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws2598}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot3016326 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7288146 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid4214830 
\par }{\insrsid7288146 Reason for consultation is bradycardia and hypotension.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
History of present illness patient is a 58-year-old woman who has history of rheumatoid arthritis who unfortunately suffered a motor vehicle accident with resultant quadriplegia \{period\} The patient recently had pneumonia and respiratory failure \{
period\} Patient is status post tracheostomy and now is on T tube \{period\} Patient was noted to have episodes of bradycardia and hypotension and thus cardiology consultation was requested \{period\} At the time of m
y evaluation patient was somewhat somnolent but in no distress \{period\}
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 
Past medical history number one quadriplegia secondary to motor vehicle accident and spinal cord injury. Number two rheumatoid arthritis. Number three diabetes mellitus. Next recent pn
eumonia. Next number hypothyroidism. Next number adrenal insufficiency. Next number decubitus ulcer.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
\par Allergies no known drug allergies.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 Medications at the time of transfer includes fentanyl, Florinef, gabapentin, Dilaudid, levothyroxine, methocarbamol, l
idocaine patch, multivitamin, Protonix.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
\par Social history patient does not smoke or drink \{period\}
\par 
\par Family history is noncontributory.
\par 
\par Review of systems as per history of present illness otherwise unremarkable.
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 Physical examination general well-developed well-nourished woman lying in bed in no apparent distress \{period\}
 Temperature 98.3, heart rate 62, respirations 18, blood pressure 100/55. HEENT normocephalic atraumatic anicteric sclerae. Neck tracheostomy is in place T tube. Lungs clear to auscultation bilaterally \{period\}
 Cardiovascular regular rate and rhythm. Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended. Extremities no peripheral edema.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 Laboratory data white count is 8, hemoglobin 7.6, hematocrit 23, platelet counts 292. Sodium 136, potassium 3.2, chloride 9
7, bicarbonate is 29, BUN 12, creatinine 0.2, magnesium is 1.7.
\par }\pard \ql \fi-720\li720\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid7288146 {\insrsid7288146 
\par }\pard \ql \fi90\li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 Assessment and recommendation number one bradycardia. Patient has episodes of sinus excuse me sinus bradycardia \{period\}
 This is not sustained \{period\} Currently patient is in sinus rhythm \{period\} No indication for pacemaker \{period\}
 Etiology is multifactorial including possible autonomic dysfunction after the motor vehicle accident spinal cord injury versus increased vagal tone due to pain \{period\} At this point I recommend continue to monitor \{period\}
 Number two hypotension. Again this also is Multifactorial \{period\} Patient does have Anemia \{period\} There maybe autonomic dysfunction and/or increased vagal tone \{period\} We will continue to monitor \{period\}
\par }{\insrsid1139079 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid1139079 {\insrsid7288146 Thank you very much }{\insrsid15746988\charrsid14680148 the physician}{\insrsid7288146  for allowing me to consult on your patient.
\par }}