{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid922351\rsid1206665
\rsid1667502\rsid2424941\rsid2903465\rsid3112150\rsid3229304\rsid3351822\rsid3439702\rsid4209106\rsid4217867\rsid4422834\rsid5261172\rsid5519520\rsid6031766\rsid8017880\rsid8468066\rsid8527947\rsid8611001\rsid9512523\rsid11033815\rsid11096395\rsid11756535
\rsid12405499\rsid12605209\rsid14366380\rsid14578362\rsid14882866\rsid15272207\rsid15796027\rsid16083461}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title Good evening, this is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr19\min39}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr19\min39}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords501}{\nofchars2861}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3356}{\vern24689}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1800\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale160\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot2903465 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Repudot10 (Repudot10)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8468066 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid3351822 Reason for consultation is bradycardia.}{\insrsid2903465 
\par }{\insrsid3351822 
\par }{\insrsid922351 History of present illness patient's history is obtained from the medical records \{period\} The patient is somewhat confused and unable to provide a reliable history \{period\}
 Patient is 78-year-old woman who unfortunately suffered from multiple strokes, believed to be embolic due to atrial thrombus}{\insrsid12405499  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  }{\insrsid12405499 P}{\insrsid922351 atient is on anticoagulation with Eliquis}{
\insrsid12405499  \{period\} P}{\insrsid922351 atient also has a history of supraventricular tachycardia and chronic diastolic heart failure}{\insrsid12405499  \{period\} P}{\insrsid922351 
atient has respiratory failure, status post tracheostomy and is getting pulmonary rehab and respiratory treatment}{\insrsid12405499  \{period\} P}{\insrsid922351 atient has been weaned off the ventilator and now is on a T-piece}{\insrsid12405499  \{period
\}}{\insrsid922351  Yesterday, patient was noted to have bradycardia with sinus bradycardia down into upper 30s}{\insrsid12405499  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  Cardiology consultation was requested}{\insrsid12405499  \{period\} P}{\insrsid922351 
atient is currently back in the heart rate of 80s }{\insrsid12605209 and 90s \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid12605209 Past medical history number one history of embolic stroke. Number two m}{\insrsid922351 orbid obesity.}{\insrsid12605209  Next number c}{\insrsid922351 hronic obstructive pulmonary disease.}{\insrsid12605209  Next number }{
\insrsid14366380 a}{\insrsid922351 ccelerated hypertension.}{\insrsid14366380  Next number l}{\insrsid922351 eft atria}{\insrsid14366380 l thrombus. Next number c}{\insrsid922351 arotid stenosis.}{\insrsid14366380  Next number c}{\insrsid922351 
hronic diastolic heart failure.}{\insrsid14366380  Next number h}{\insrsid922351 istory of supraventricular tachycardia.}{\insrsid14366380  Next number r}{\insrsid922351 ecent pneumonia and ventilator-dependent respiratory failure}{\insrsid14366380 
. Next h}{\insrsid922351 ypothyroidism.}{\insrsid14366380  Next number s}{\insrsid922351 tatus post PEG tube placement}{\insrsid4422834  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid4422834 Allergies n}{\insrsid922351 o known drug allergies}{\insrsid4422834  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
\par }{\insrsid4422834 
\par Medications include c}{\insrsid922351 arvedilol only 3.125 mg b.i.d.}{\insrsid4422834 , insulin}{\insrsid3112150 , Hytrin, valsartan, atorvastatin, digoxin, Eliquis, Protonix, albuterol, l}{\insrsid922351 evothyroxine.
\par }{\insrsid3439702 
\par Social history }{\insrsid4422834 patient does not smoke or drink}{\insrsid3439702  \{period\}}{\insrsid4422834 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid3439702 Family history is n}{\insrsid4422834 oncontributory.
\par }{\insrsid3439702 
\par Review of systems per history of present illness.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid3439702 Otherwise unremarkable.
\par }{\insrsid4422834 
\par }{\insrsid3439702 Physical examination general a w}{\insrsid922351 ell-developed, well-nourished woman, lying in bed, in no acute distress}{\insrsid14578362  \{period\} Patient is }{\insrsid922351 and confused}{\insrsid14578362  \{period\} }{
\insrsid922351 Temperature }{\insrsid14578362 is }{\insrsid922351 101.2, heart rate }{\insrsid14578362 is }{\insrsid922351 80, respirations 22, blood pressure 113/53, pulse ox 100%.}{\insrsid14578362  HEENT n}{\insrsid922351 ormocephalic, atraumatic.}{
\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 Anicteric sclerae.}{\insrsid14578362  Neck tracheostomy is in place.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid14578362 Lungs c}{\insrsid922351 oarse breath sounds bilaterally}{\insrsid15272207  \{period\} Cardiovascular r}{
\insrsid922351 egular rate and rhythm.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 Distant heart sounds}{\insrsid15272207  \{period\} Abdomen soft, nontender, nondistended \{period\} Extremities }{\insrsid922351 1+ edema}{\insrsid15272207  \{period\}}{
\insrsid922351 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid15272207 Laboratory data w}{\insrsid922351 hite count is 11, hemoglobin 8.5, hematocrit 24, platelet counts 229.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 Sodium 140, potassium}{\insrsid1667502  4.8, chloride 103, bicarb is }{\insrsid922351 
31, BUN is 65, creatinine is 1.35, glucose is 148.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 EKG on admission shows sinus rhythm.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 No significant ST elevation}{\insrsid1667502  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
 Telemetry has been predominantly sinus rhythm with a brief episode o}{\insrsid1667502 f transient sinus bradycardia \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
\par 
\par }{\insrsid1667502 Assessment recommendation number one is bradycardia. P}{\insrsid922351 atient had transient bradycardia}{\insrsid1667502  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  This may be due to increased vagal tone}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
 This has resolved}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  Continue with low dose carvedilol}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  We will continue to monitor on telemetry}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\} Number two c}{\insrsid922351 
hronic diastolic heart failure, compensated}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  Continue valsartan}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351  Diuresis as needed}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\} Number three h}{\insrsid922351 
ypertension, currently controlled}{\insrsid1206665  \{period\} Next number s}{\insrsid922351 upraventricular tachycardia.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid11756535 P}{\insrsid922351 atient is on digoxin}{\insrsid11756535  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
 We will continue to monitor}{\insrsid11756535  \{period\} Next number e}{\insrsid922351 mbolic stroke.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid11756535 P}{\insrsid922351 atient is on Eliquis for the atrial thrombus}{\insrsid11756535  \{period\} Next number h}{
\insrsid922351 yperlipidemia.}{\insrsid8468066  }{\insrsid922351 Continue with atorvastatin}{\insrsid11756535  \{period\}}{\insrsid922351 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8527947 {\insrsid6031766 
\par }}