{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f665\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f666\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f668\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f669\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f670\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}
{\f671\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f672\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f673\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f674\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive 
\ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \ssemihidden \styrsid13585591 Balloon Text;}{\*\cs16 \additive \f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid13585591 Balloon Text Char;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid207316\rsid208091\rsid595280\rsid658208\rsid750483\rsid994002\rsid1011301\rsid1523943\rsid1574279\rsid1590498\rsid1736407\rsid1787512\rsid1840309\rsid1904570\rsid2229417\rsid2714818\rsid2715958\rsid2760998\rsid2899785\rsid2952532
\rsid3033194\rsid3148798\rsid3766793\rsid3952545\rsid4152410\rsid5248680\rsid5377101\rsid5379332\rsid5406291\rsid5445702\rsid5453573\rsid5711333\rsid5842473\rsid6376735\rsid6493132\rsid6628264\rsid7343808\rsid7421047\rsid7864906\rsid8455360\rsid8654463
\rsid8867486\rsid8916469\rsid9179178\rsid9444414\rsid9527621\rsid9592667\rsid9712332\rsid9975160\rsid10765759\rsid10884718\rsid11094149\rsid11230109\rsid11341338\rsid11370201\rsid11480046\rsid11731362\rsid12066252\rsid12132711\rsid12200933\rsid12211912
\rsid12451944\rsid13240367\rsid13250869\rsid13585591\rsid13729648\rsid13767329\rsid13779927\rsid13912050\rsid14036360\rsid14057078\rsid14169530\rsid14302677\rsid14356297\rsid14376902\rsid14425786\rsid14502844\rsid14645349\rsid14688311\rsid14896902
\rsid15100138\rsid15491209\rsid15619771\rsid15746368\rsid15760573\rsid15812938\rsid15887062\rsid16061989\rsid16141446\rsid16266775\rsid16270794\rsid16456567\rsid16531606\rsid16582033\rsid16736323\rsid16740926}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info
{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min33}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min33}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords556}{\nofchars3170}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3719}{\vern24689}}
\margl1440\margr1440 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale160\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot11230109 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#1 - madhuric (Chauhan)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd \linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid9712332 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\insrsid12132711\charrsid12132711 Reason for consult is PEG malfunction. Date of consultation was }{\insrsid3952545 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid12132711\charrsid12132711 
. History of present illness, patient is a 71-year-old white male with history of encephalopathy, diabetes, and hypertension and coronary artery disease who presented to outside 
hospital with hypotension and respiratory insufficiency. He was diagnosed with sepsis attributed to pneumonia, also found to have elevated troponins attributed to non-ST-elevated MI versus demand ischemia with IV antibiotic. Patient was was stabilized and
 subsequently transferred to }{\insrsid11341338\charrsid14688311 Hospital}{\insrsid11341338  }{\insrsid11341338 Name }{\insrsid12132711\charrsid12132711 for further management. At }{\insrsid11341338\charrsid14688311 Hospital}{\insrsid11341338  Name}{
\insrsid12132711\charrsid12132711 , patient was noted to have pulled out gastrostomy tube and is currently being fed via nasogastric tube, which he is tolerating well \{period\} Patient was unable to provide any history.
 All history is obtained from the chart of previous records \{period\}
 Past medical, surgical history includes encephalopathy, coronary artery disease, diabetes mellitus, hypertension, bipolar disorder, depression, peripheral vascular disease, status post ri
ght below-the-knee amputation, anemia, hypoxemic respiratory failure, status post lower extremity bypass surgery. Review of systems, unable to obtain. Patient with encephalopathy. Social history, patient is skilled nursing facility resident. No history of
 
tobacco or alcohol. Allergies, lamotrigine. Medications, albuterol, prednisone, vitamin D, aspirin, pravastatin, neomycin, Lovenox 30 q.d., morphine, Zofran. On physical exam, patient has a blood pressure of 97/35, pulse is 101, temp is 97, respiratory ra
t
e is 20, O2 sat 92% on non-rebreather. Generally, patient is chronically ill-appearing white male, moderate respiratory distress. HEENT, head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Pupils are equal, round, reactive to light and accommodation. Extraocular motions i
ntact \{period\}
 Extraocular motions are intact. Neck is supple. No masses. Lungs, coarse breath sounds bilaterally. Heart is tachy, regular rate. Abdomen is soft, nontender, nondistended. Foley catheter is in place of previous gastrostomy tube. Extremities, 
no cyanosis or clubbing. 1+ pulses. Skin, no rash or lesion appreciated. Neurologically, patient minimally responsive to pain. Moves all extremities in response to pain. Laboratory, patient has a white count of 5.7, hemoglobin is 10.1, and platelet count 
i
s 395. INR is 1.4. PTT is 42. Patient has creatinine of .81, BUN is 23. Chest x-ray done on 2/11 shows consolidation, left lung base. Impression, recommendations, patient is a 71-year-old male with history of multiple medical problems including encephalop
a
thy, diabetes, and hypertension with with associated dysphagia requiring gastrostomy tube for long period nutritional support. Agree, note that patient will benefit from EGD with replacement of gastrostomy tube. This is best done once patient is medically
 
stable with improvement in his respiratory status and also ideally treatment of underlying scabies. Patient at, is at somewhat of an increased risk from a cardiac standpoint because of recent elevated troponins and likely cardiac [skip] at least likely ca
rdiac ischemia secondary to septicemia. Consequently, I will minimize sedation for the procedure \{period\} For now, continue with prednisone and bronchodilators for respiratory insufficiency. Pulmonary Medicine is following \{period\}
 Continue with nutrition per NG tube, which patient has been tolerating well \{period\}
 Regarding history of coronary artery disease, continue with aspirin. There has been no risk of gastrointestinal bleeding despite the fact the patient has been anemic, continue to monitor. Consider starting the patient on proton pump inhibitor \{period\}
 Thank you for this consultation. Follow patient with you. End of dictation}{\insrsid16266775 .}{\insrsid1904570\charrsid12132711 
\par }}