{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 \styrsid8482336 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid32423\rsid604183\rsid882990\rsid1594374\rsid2046132\rsid2433875\rsid2821236\rsid3102875\rsid3293556\rsid4161155\rsid4794910\rsid5001375\rsid5406073\rsid5439983\rsid5916258\rsid5978976\rsid6370407\rsid6448892\rsid6637097\rsid7033547
\rsid7033706\rsid7893938\rsid8481111\rsid8482336\rsid9125662\rsid9379374\rsid9572070\rsid10225491\rsid10231329\rsid10293294\rsid10487575\rsid10567164\rsid10704613\rsid10909362\rsid11434741\rsid11677762\rsid11876830\rsid12004277\rsid12145098\rsid12797338
\rsid12847152\rsid13191808\rsid13267118\rsid13452735\rsid14682407\rsid14686379\rsid15083779\rsid15219044\rsid15480816\rsid16122953\rsid16716767}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min46}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min46}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords914}{\nofchars5213}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws6115}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot12797338 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10487575 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 
Reason for admission hypercapnic and hypoxemic respiratory failure. Attending physician is }{\insrsid14686379 the physician}{\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 
. This is a pleasant 59-year-old woman with a history of the chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure on nocturnal BiPAP and 4 liters nasal cannula at home as well as a history of poliomyelitis with severe kyphoscoliosis who was admitted to }
{\insrsid16716767 Hospital }{\insrsid16716767 Name }{\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 on }{\insrsid9379374 month dd yyyy }{\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 with deterioration in her renal function noticed at an outpatient clinic \{period\}
 At the time of evaluation, the patient was noted to have leukocytosis to 13.4 and chest x-ray showed bilateral pulmonary infiltrates consistent with pneumonia \{period\}
 Her influenza A and B antibody titers were high leading to diagnosis of influenza for which she received a five day course of Tamiflu \{period\}
 She was also begun on antibiotic therapy including a dose of Zosyn followed by a course of ceftriaxone and azithromycin for community-acquired pneumonia \{period\} The patient's admission admitting arterial blood gas showed severe respiratory acidos
is with pCO2 of 109 and pH of 7.25 \{period\} She was initially treated with around the clock BiPAP which was ultimately decreased to her usual nocturnal BiPAP \{period\}
 She ultimately showed some improvement but has gotten severely weak and is no longer able to walk although she was previously able to walk and even dance as an outpatient \{period\} }{\insrsid32423 the patient}{\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 
's renal function has normalized with good fluid management but she is referred for ongoing treatment of her bilateral pneumonia as well as her acute and chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure \{period\}
 Review of systems, general patient previously had fevers and chills at home but none recently. No recent change in her weight. Head no headaches or lightheadedness. Ears, nose and throat no ear
 infections or nasal congestion. Cardiac no history of myocardial infarctions or congestive heart failure and no chest pain. Gastrointestinal no history of ulcers or diarrhea. Neurologic patient have a history of poliomyelitis in the past with residual ky
p
hoscoliosis. Past medical history number one acute and chronic hypercapnic and hypoxemic respiratory failure requiring nocturnal BiPAP and daytime nasal cannula oxygen. Number two history of poliomyelitis at age 4 with total quadriplegia for three months 
f
ollowed by severe kyphoscoliosis causing her restrictive lung disease. Three hypercholesterolemia. Four history of asthma. Five chronic kidney disease with recent acute exacerbation. Social history patient previously smoked five to six cigarettes per day 
b
ut quit approximately 10 years ago. Alcohol history none. Illicit drug use none. Family history no pertinent family history of polio or lung disease. Allergies to codeine. Medications Singulair 10 mg orally daily, enoxaparin 40 mg subcutaneous daily, Pepc
i
d 20 mg orally daily, Bio-K one cap p.o. daily, Claritin 5 mg orally daily, DuoNeb 3 cc nebulized q. 4 hours, Lipitor 20 mg p.o. daily, azithromycin 500 mg p.o. daily, ceftriaxone 1 g IV piggyback daily, Senokot 8.6 mg p.o. daily p.r.n. for constipation, 
U
ltram 50 mg orally q. 6 hours p.r.n. for moderate to severe pain, Humalog insulin q. 6 hours p.r.n. for sliding scale. Physical exam this is a pleasant, obese, middle aged woman, in no acute respiratory distress but intermittent somnolence. Temperature 98
.
0, pulse 94, respirations 22, oxygen saturation 92% on 6 liters nasal cannula oxygen. Head patient is normocephalic with no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities. Eyes pupils are equal and reactive to light. Extraocular muscles are grossly intact
.
 Nose nasal cannula for oxygen supplementation is present with no evidence of exudates or hemorrhage. Ears hearing is grossly intact. Mouth dry oral mucosa but pharynx is clear with no erythema or exudates noted. Neck supple with no jugular venous distent
i
on or adenopathy. Chest patient shows significant scoliotic deformity with irregularity of her chest wall. No accessory muscle use. Lungs few bibasilar crackles but no audible wheezes. Heart regular rhythm but no audible murmurs or extra sounds. Back seve
r
e kyphoscoliosis but no spinal tenderness. Breasts no masses or discharge from the nipple. Abdomen rounded and obese but soft and nontender. Extremities no edema, clubbing or cyanosis. Neurologic patient is awake and alert but intermittently somnolent wit
h
 not stimulated. She moves her upper limbs with 4+/5 strength and the lower limbs with 4/5 strength. Labs WBC 8.5, hemoglobin 12.0, hematocrit 36.2, MCV 93.4, platelet count 177,000. Sodium 137, potassium 4.1, chloride 88, CO2 of 44, BUN 15, creatinine 0.
4, glucose 133, calcium 9.0, phosphorus 3.9. Total bilirubin 0.7, AST 21, ALT 17, total protein 5.5, albumin 2.9. Urinalysis was normal with 2 to 5 }{\insrsid10567164\charrsid2046132 wbc}{\insrsid10567164 \rquote }{\insrsid10567164\charrsid2046132 s }{
\insrsid2046132\charrsid2046132 and rare bacteria. Arterial blood gas performed on 6 liters nasal cannula oxygen, pH 7.47, pCO2 74, pO2
 55, bicarbonate 54, oxygen saturation 90%. Chest x-ray is pending. Impression number one acute and chronic hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure due to restrictive lung disease \{comma\} pneumonia \{comma\}
 and poliomyelitis. Number two restrictive respiratory disorder due to severe kyphoscoliosis and muscle weakness. Three community acquired pneumonia \{comma\} present on admission \{comma\}
 partially treated. Four recent influenza respiratory infection. Five hypercholesterolemia. Six recent acute kidney 
injury. Seven obesity. Eight acute deconditioning. Recommendation number one continue nasal cannula oxygen during the day and titrate to maintain oxygen saturation greater than or equal to 92%. Number two continue noninvasive mechanical ventilation via Bi
P
AP at nighttime. Three continue current bronchodilator therapy and taper as tolerated as she recovers. Four Diamox 250 mg p.o. b.i.d. for two days to minimize the metabolic alkalosis which may be contributing to her CO2 retention. Next continue deep venou
s thrombosis prophylaxis. Next continue prophylaxis against GI bleeding with famotidine. Next continue sliding scale insulin. Next aggressive physical and occupational therapy with the goal of improving overall strength and endurance.}{
\insrsid5916258\charrsid10487575 
\par }}