{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}
{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}
{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}
{\f675\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f676\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f678\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f679\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f682\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f683\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;
\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}
{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid287443\rsid355290\rsid594612\rsid602445\rsid876751\rsid1915767\rsid2520821\rsid2888143\rsid3019829\rsid3629509\rsid4522280\rsid4983204\rsid5384423\rsid5601797\rsid7300336\rsid7551392\rsid7617686\rsid7893938\rsid7955346\rsid7997760
\rsid8332903\rsid8483025\rsid9722166\rsid10225491\rsid10487575\rsid10696087\rsid10839322\rsid10955062\rsid11154720\rsid11293847\rsid11426885\rsid12004277\rsid12016609\rsid12743356\rsid12797338\rsid12807847\rsid13050087\rsid13592512\rsid13643996
\rsid14044432\rsid14250169\rsid14831763\rsid15037334\rsid15213213\rsid15474370\rsid15865934\rsid15927985\rsid16543958\rsid16544800}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min48}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr20\min48}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords1158}{\nofchars6601}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws7744}{\vern24689}}\margl1440\margr1440 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale145\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot12797338 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Pradumn (p)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid10487575 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 Reason for admission }{\insrsid10955062 is }{
\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 acute hypoxemic respiratory failure. This is a pleasant but unfortunate 75-year-old man with history of congestive heart failure \{comma\} hypertension \{comma\} and atrial fibrillation who is }{
\insrsid11154720\charrsid16543958 admitted to }{\insrsid11154720 Hospital }{\insrsid11154720 Name }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 on }{\insrsid15865934 month dd yyyy }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 with 
a three month history of progressive weakness, abdominal bloating and dyspnea \{period\} The patient was reportedly doing well according to his sister at bedside until approximately three months prior to this admission when he underwent a }{
\insrsid4522280\charrsid16543958 Maze M }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 a z e procedure for chronic atrial fibrillation \{period\}
 His postoperative course was stormy including episodes of gastrointestinal bleeding attributed to his anticoagulants and the patient has significant generalized weakness since that time \{period\} He also reported
 20-pound weight loss, increasing constipation and decreased }{\insrsid7997760 ease }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 of urination since that time \{period\}
 He was evaluated in his primary care physician's office and found to have bilateral patchy lung infiltrates as well as a nodules on the left pleura consistent with metastatic disease of unknown origin \{period\} During this admission at }{
\insrsid11154720 Hospital Name}{\insrsid9722166 , }{\insrsid9722166\charrsid16543958 he }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 was noted to have a prostate specific antigen level of 1,134, raising strong suspicion of metastatic prostate cancer \{period\}
 He underwent thoracentesis on the left \{period\} Cytology of the pleural fluid showed mesothelial cells but no evidence of cancer cells \{period\} He also underwent a prostate biopsy which showed adenocarcinoma of the prostate with Gleason score of 3 \{
period\} After extensive counseling and discussions with the patient and family related to aggressiveness of care was decided to give a trial of one dose of Lupron and judge whether he is getting a response or not \{period\}
 From a respiratory standpoint, patient feels he is somewhat better since the thoracentesis \{period\}
 He continues however to require intermittent use of noninvasive mechanical ventilation going off and on BiPAP every few hours through the course of the day and the night \{period\} He claims to have a small amount of sputum productio
n but he is able to adequately clear it without the need for suctioning and he claims the sputum is clear and white \{period\} He denies chills, fevers or sweats \{period\}
 His primary complaints other than intermittent dyspnea is of back pain which responds well to Norco \{period\}
 At the time of evaluation, he was in mild respiratory distress on noninvasive mechanical ventilation with a full face mask. Review of systems general patient has a 20 pound weight loss but no fevers or chills. Head no headaches or lig
htheadedness. Respiratory intermittent dyspnea over the past three months, improved since the thoracentesis \{period\} No history of COPD or any other previous lung problems. Cardiac history of atrial fibrillation in the past, status post }{
\insrsid11293847\charrsid16543958 Maze}{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958  }{\insrsid11293847\charrsid16543958 M }{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 a z e proced
ure. Genitourinary patient has increased urinary frequency and increased urgency over the past several months. Gastrointestinal patient has recent abdominal bloating and constipation, relieved with extensive enema and cathartics. Past medical history numb
er one congestive heart failure. Two atrial fibrillation, status post }{\insrsid11293847\charrsid16543958 Maze}{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 
 procedure. Three hypertension. Family history his uncle had a history of prostate cancer but no history of lung pathology in the family. Social history smoking history, patient smoke
d heavily for approximately two years but quit 50 years ago. Alcohol history none. Illicit drug use none. Allergies none. Medications Protonix 40 mg p.o., spironolactone 25 mg orally q. h.s., Casodex 50 mg p.o. daily, potassium chloride 10 mEq p.o. daily,
 
amiodarone 200 mg p.o. daily, Lasix 40 mg IV push daily, levofloxacin 250 mg p.o. daily, Megace 400 mg p.o. b.i.d., MiraLax 17 g p.o. daily, Flomax 0.4 mg p.o. daily, Bio-K one cap p.o. daily, Xopenex 1.25 mg nebulized q. 6 hours, magnesium hydroxide 30 c
c
 p.o. daily p.r.n. for constipation, Norco 5/325 one tablet p.o. with q. 4 hours p.r.n. for moderate to severe pain. Physical exam this is a ill appearing elderly man, on noninvasive mechanical ventilation, in mild respiratory distress but communicating w
ell. Temperature }{\insrsid12743356 [skip],}{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 
 pulse 68, respirations 18, blood pressure 88/51, oxygen saturation 100% on 40% high flow nasal cannula and on 40% noninvasive mechanical ventilation via face mask. Head normocephalic other than wasting of the temporal musculature wi
th no evidence of recent trauma or other deformities. Eyes extraocular muscles are grossly intact and pupils are reactive to light. Nose nares are apparently patent with no evidence of hemorrhage or exudates. Mouth good oral hygiene. Pharynx is clear. Nec
k
 supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy. Ears hearing is grossly intact with no abnormalities of external ears. Chest normal AP diameter of the chest with mild use of accessory muscles of respiration on noninvasive mechanical ventilation. 
L
ungs quiet air movement at both bases but no wheezes or crackles heard. Abdomen rounded, obese and mildly distended, nontender with no rebound. Normoactive bowel sounds. Genitalia normal external male genitalia other than 2+ generalized edema. Extremities
 2+ dependent edema and 1 to 2+ edema on both feet \{period\}
 Wasting of the musculature is generalized on all limbs and pulses are diminished as well. No clubbing or cyanosis noted. Neurologic patient is awake and alert, answering most questions well and see
ms oriented to person, place and time. Strength is 4/5 on the upper limbs, 3/5 on the lower limbs. Skin patient has pressure ulcers on the sacrum and buttocks. Labs WBC 11.4, hemoglobin 7.8, hematocrit 22.7, platelet count 183,000. Sodium 132, potassium 4
.
0, chloride 93, CO2 34, BUN 17, creatinine 0.4, glucose 94, calcium 7.7, phosphorus 3.1. AST 23, ALT 9, alkaline phosphatase 773, total protein 4.3, albumin 1.9. Urinalysis shows large blood, positive nitrites, 20 to 30 RBCs and greater than 50 WBCs with 
2
+ bacteria. Arterial blood gas performed on noninvasive mechanical ventilation with inspiratory pressure of 15, expiratory pressure of 5, pH 7.45, pCO2 53, pO2 150, bicarbonate 37, oxygen saturation 99%. Chest x-ray shows moderate cardiomegaly with diffus
e interstitial changes in the lungs and bilateral large pleural effusions also noted was diffuse bony blastic metastases. Impression number one hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure \{comma\} acute \{comma\}
 multifactorial. Number two metastatic adenoca
rcinoma of the prostate newly diagnosed and having received his first course of Lupron but with diffuse bony metastases. Three bilateral pleural effusions, possibly due to metastatic cancer but also possibly due to congestive heart failure. Four hypertens
ion but currently hypotensive. Five chronic atrial fibrillation, status post }{\insrsid11293847\charrsid16543958 Maze}{\insrsid16543958\charrsid16543958 
 procedure but remaining on amiodarone but not on anticoagulation. Six profound debilitation and deconditioning. Seven sacral and buttock pressure ulcerations. Eight a urinary tract infection \{comma\} present on admission \{comma\}
 partially treated. Nine history of urinary retention due to adenocarcinoma of the prostate. Ten twenty pound weight loss. Recommendation number one continue noninvasive mechanical ventilation as tolerate
d and using high flow nasal cannula intermittently as tolerated to allow oral intake and administration of oral medications. Number two continue current bronchodilator therapy. Three diuresis as the patient is able to tolerate with his blood pressure. Fou
r
 consider placement of PleurX catheters to control bilateral pleural effusions if diuresis is inadequate. Next aggressive nutritional support.  Next monthly Lupron with Casodex to control the adenocarcinoma of the prostate. Next continue aggressive counse
ling of the patient and his sister regarding poor overall prognosis. }{\insrsid7551392\charrsid10487575 
\par }}