{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial{\*\falt Arial};}{\f38\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Verdana;}{\f302\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Lato{\*\falt Times New Roman};}
{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f315\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Arial CE{\*\falt Arial};}
{\f316\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Arial Cyr{\*\falt Arial};}{\f318\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Arial Greek{\*\falt Arial};}{\f319\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Arial Tur{\*\falt Arial};}{\f320\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Arial (Hebrew){\*\falt Arial};}
{\f321\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Arial (Arabic){\*\falt Arial};}{\f322\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Arial Baltic{\*\falt Arial};}{\f323\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Arial (Vietnamese){\*\falt Arial};}{\f685\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Verdana CE;}
{\f686\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Verdana Cyr;}{\f688\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Verdana Greek;}{\f689\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Verdana Tur;}{\f692\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Verdana Baltic;}{\f693\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Verdana (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\red10\green36\blue106;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid6050556 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \styrsid6050556 header;}{\*\cs16 \additive \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid6050556 Header Char;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext17 \slink18 \styrsid6050556 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon10 \slink17 \slocked \styrsid6050556 Footer Char;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid350820
\rsid658203\rsid660961\rsid1066384\rsid1071156\rsid1120319\rsid1135695\rsid1202040\rsid1341431\rsid1669603\rsid1777841\rsid1778803\rsid1966249\rsid2175249\rsid2188914\rsid2315858\rsid2383153\rsid2429087\rsid2569847\rsid2756625\rsid2969928\rsid3425769
\rsid3745110\rsid3815635\rsid3883996\rsid3888999\rsid4394714\rsid4614166\rsid4915961\rsid5123406\rsid5195477\rsid5405920\rsid5705883\rsid5855603\rsid6050556\rsid6106346\rsid6119013\rsid6163878\rsid6229752\rsid6231949\rsid6296914\rsid6374829\rsid6376245
\rsid6383498\rsid6555135\rsid6640673\rsid6755078\rsid6821774\rsid7684242\rsid7945808\rsid7947349\rsid7948776\rsid7999502\rsid8086021\rsid8135995\rsid8206968\rsid8533681\rsid8596701\rsid8652630\rsid8994401\rsid9127035\rsid9468907\rsid9638491\rsid9722134
\rsid9847995\rsid9912499\rsid10162392\rsid10236023\rsid10385161\rsid10423306\rsid10955726\rsid11012798\rsid11142869\rsid11413485\rsid11614065\rsid11801076\rsid11809617\rsid11947682\rsid12076533\rsid12518209\rsid12668231\rsid12672752\rsid12722496
\rsid13049803\rsid13111661\rsid13180290\rsid13307685\rsid13372913\rsid13439581\rsid13508120\rsid13584157\rsid13702427\rsid13830864\rsid13846156\rsid14174897\rsid14240557\rsid14313081\rsid14643375\rsid14689413\rsid14699981\rsid14840011\rsid14899978
\rsid14973604\rsid15102600\rsid15105716\rsid15494657\rsid15628729\rsid15733553\rsid16270168\rsid16392845\rsid16393366\rsid16584450\rsid16662786}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}
{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min7}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min7}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords847}{\nofchars4832}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws5668}{\vern24689}}\margl1152\margr1152 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot2188914 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Punit (punit)#><#4 - Santosh (santosh)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10955726 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10955726 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10955726 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid10955726 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\headery1152\footery432\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6050556 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid13049803\charrsid5855603 {\*\bkmkstart BODY}
\par }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 Reason for consultation COPD exacerbation. This is an unfortunate 75-year-old man with a history of severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease \{comma\} hypothyroidism \{comma\}
 and schizoaffective disorder who was admitted to Hospital }{\insrsid1135695 Name }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 on }{\f302\insrsid1135695\charrsid5855603 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid1135695\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 wit
h a three-day history of increasing dyspnea \{period\} The patient is a resident of a }{\insrsid1669603\charrsid5855603 S}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 killed }{\insrsid1669603\charrsid5855603 N}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 ursing }{
\insrsid1669603\charrsid5855603 F}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 acility and was noted to be in acute respiratory distress and transferred to }{\insrsid1669603\charrsid5855603 U}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 rgent }{\insrsid1669603\charrsid5855603 C}
{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 are at }{\insrsid1135695\charrsid5855603 Hospital }{\insrsid1135695 Name}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 \{period\} Upon arrival he was noted to have use of acce
ssory muscles and was felt to have an acute exacerbation of COPD \{period\} Admitting chest x-ray showed only subsegmental atelectasis of the right lower lobe and a normal white blood cell count \{period\} Arterial blood gas upon admission to}{
\insrsid11801076  }{\insrsid11801076\charrsid5855603 Hospital }{\insrsid11801076 Name}{\insrsid8994401  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 showed pH 7.38, pCO2 47, and pO2 of 80 \{period\}
 He was aggressively treated for acute exacerbation of COPD including intravenous corticosteroids \{comma\} intensive bronchodilator therapy \{comma\} and initiation of antibiotic treatment for community acquired pneumoni
a specifically ceftriaxone and azithromycin \{period\} The patient showed only modest improvement so was transferred to }{\insrsid8994401\charrsid5855603 Hospital }{\insrsid8994401 Name}{\b\f38\fs20\cf17\insrsid8994401  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
on }{\f302\insrsid8994401\charrsid5855603 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid8994401\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 \{period\} Upon arrival here he was noted to have persistent bronchospasm and was continued on high dose corticosteroids \{period
\} His bronchodilators were continued and a prolonged course of intravenous and oral antibiotic has been continued \{period\} Admission chest x-ray showed subtle bibasilar infiltrates representing either atelectasis or pneumonia as well as a el
evated right hemidiaphragm \{period\} The patient's symptoms have reportedly improved but pulmonary consultation is requested to assess his resolution of his COPD exacerbation and recommend further ongoing therapy \{period\}
 Review of systems is impossible due
 to the patient's psychiatric disease. Past medical history number one severe chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Number two schizoaffective disorder. Three possible depression. Four benign prostatic hypertrophy. Five hypothyroidism. Social history pat
ient is divorced has and has a son and daughter \{period\} His occupational history was significant for being a driver for }{\insrsid8994401 street }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 with no known occupational exposure \{period\}
 Smoking history patient has a 70-pack year smoking history but quit 15 years ago
. Alcohol history none. Illicit drug use none. Allergies nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory medications, penicillin, acetaminophen, cyclobenzaprine, gluten, and wheat. Medications prednisone 20 mg p.o. daily}{\insrsid10423306\charrsid5855603 ,}{
\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Colace 200 mg p.o. daily}{\insrsid10423306\charrsid5855603 , v}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 itamin D 1200 international units p.o. daily}{\insrsid10423306\charrsid5855603 , l}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
actulose 30 g p.o. b.i.d.}{\insrsid10423306\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid10423306\charrsid5855603 l}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 evocarnitine 990 mg p.o. t.i.d.}{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 ,}{
\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 a}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 spirin 81 mg p.o. daily}{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 f}{
\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 lutamide 250 mg p.o. q.8 hours}{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid658203\charrsid5855603 a}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 torvastatin 10 mg p.o. daily}{
\insrsid5405920\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Synthroid 37.5 mcg p.o. daily}{\insrsid5405920\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid5405920\charrsid5855603 c}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
eftriaxone 1 g IV piggyback daily}{\insrsid5405920\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid5405920\charrsid5855603 a}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 zithromycin 750 mg IV piggyback daily}{\insrsid14643375\charrsid5855603 ,}{
\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Haldol 0.5 mg IM q.6 hours p.r.n. agitation}{\insrsid3425769\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid3425769\charrsid5855603 l}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 oratadine 10 mg p.o. daily}{
\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Flomax 0.4 mg p.o. daily}{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 e}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
noxaparin 40 mg subcutaneous daily}{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  DuoNeb 3 cc nebulized q.4 hours}{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Remeron 7.5 mg p.o. q.h.s.}{
\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Aricept 5 mg p.o. q.h.s.}{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603  Zyprexa 20 mg p.o. q.h.s.}{\insrsid16584450\charrsid5855603 ,}{
\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
 Depakote 50 mg p.o. b.i.d. Physical exam this is a ill appearing elderly man in no acute respiratory distress on nasal cannula oxygen. Temperature 97.1, pulse 88, respirations 20, blood pressure 126/71. Head normocephalic with no eviden
ce of recent trauma or other deformities \{period\} Mild bitemporal wasting \{period\}
 Eyes extraocular muscles are grossly intact and pupils are reactive to light. Ears hearing is grossly intact with normal external ears. Mouth good oral hygiene. Pharynx is c
lear with no evidence of exudates or erythema. Neck supple with no jugular venous distention or adenopathy. Nose nares are apparently patent with nasal cannula present. Chest moderate hyperinflation of the chest with no use of accessory muscles of respira
tion. Breath sounds are clear with prolonged expiratory phase of the respiratory cycle. Heart regular rhythm with no audible murmurs or extra sounds. Abdomen rounded, moderately obese, and nondistended \{period\}
 Abdomen is soft with no palpable masses or rebound. Extremities well-healed surgical scar in the right ankle on the lateral aspect but no edema}{\insrsid2315858\charrsid5855603  }{\f1\fs18\cf1\insrsid2315858\charrsid5855603 \{period\}}{
\insrsid2315858\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 Distal pulses are diminished, but no clubbing or cyanosis noted. Neurologic patient is awake and responsive although inconsistent \{period\} His participation in the exam was poor \{period
\} Labs WBC 6.7, hemoglobin 11.3, hematocrit 37.9, platelet count 190,000. Sodium 139, potassium 4.0, BUN 11, creatinine 0.5, glucose 122, calcium 8.4, phosphorus 2.4, magnesium 2.4, procalcitonin 0.34. Arterial blood gas performed on 01/7/2017 on two }{
\insrsid1777841\charrsid5855603 L }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
nasal cannula oxygen pH 7.44, pCO2 of 50, pO2 84, bicarbonate 34, oxygen saturation 94%. Impressions number one chronic obstructive pulmonary disease with resolving acute exacerbation. Number two schizoaffective disorder \{comma\}
 controlled. Three major depression \{comma\} controlled}{\insrsid11413485\charrsid5855603 .}{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
 Four hypothyroidism on replacement therapy. Five dyslipidemia. Six benign prostatic hypertrophy. Recommendations number one continue nasal cannula oxygen supplementation but titrate down as toler
ated to maintain oxygen saturation between 90 and 94%. Number two continue current bronchodilator regimen with DuoNeb q.4 hours. Three continue rapid taper of corticosteroids currently on 20 mg daily but would decrease in three days to 10 mg p.o. daily fo
r three days then discontinue. Next discontinue antibiotic therapy as the regimen has apparently been in place since }{\f302\insrsid1071156\charrsid5855603 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid1071156\charrsid5855603  }{\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
and should be adequate to cover for his respiratory infection. Next patient is stable from a pulmonary standpoint for discharge to skilled nursing level.{\*\bkmkend BODY} }{\insrsid2756625\charrsid5855603 
\par 
\par }\pard \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6383498 {\insrsid6050556\charrsid5855603 
\par }}