{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}
{\f36\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f302\froman\fcharset0\fprq0{\*\panose 00000000000000000000}Lato{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f305\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f306\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f308\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f309\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f310\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f311\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f312\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f313\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f665\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f666\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f668\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f669\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f670\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f671\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f672\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f673\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}{\f674\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid11618899 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \styrsid11618899 header;}{\*\cs16 \additive \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \ssemihidden \styrsid11618899 Header Char;}{\s17\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\sbasedon0 \snext17 \slink18 \styrsid11618899 footer;}{\*\cs18 \additive \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon10 \slink17 \slocked \styrsid11618899 Footer Char;}{
\s19\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f36\fs16\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext19 \ssemihidden \styrsid11618899 Balloon Text;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid144458\rsid337019\rsid477775\rsid934301\rsid1199281\rsid1328256\rsid1522567\rsid1527749\rsid2237125\rsid2446166\rsid2447592\rsid2577891\rsid2711812\rsid3293055\rsid3556164\rsid3890349\rsid4336490\rsid4336664\rsid4750215\rsid4878862
\rsid4917310\rsid5070119\rsid5786324\rsid6113843\rsid7278668\rsid7736390\rsid7751634\rsid8609933\rsid8877899\rsid9049499\rsid9394366\rsid9640609\rsid9699646\rsid9701489\rsid9795993\rsid9832644\rsid9841001\rsid10103708\rsid10693978\rsid10838816
\rsid11039702\rsid11426112\rsid11426492\rsid11603701\rsid11617589\rsid11618899\rsid11736628\rsid11993585\rsid12395260\rsid12453648\rsid12722590\rsid12873799\rsid13383533\rsid13505888\rsid14449363\rsid14449727\rsid14840011\rsid14968149\rsid15025682
\rsid15298173\rsid15994380\rsid16283054\rsid16733694}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.5604;}{\info{\title This is Dr}{\author  }{\operator sandip.sharma}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min3}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy22\hr21\min3}{\version1}{\edmins0}
{\nofpages1}{\nofwords861}{\nofchars4911}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws5761}{\vern24689}}\margl1152\margr1152 \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180
\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale150\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot2237125 \fet0
{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Santosh (santosh)#><#4 - ssharma (Sharma)#>}}{\*\ftnsep \pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14449727 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14449727 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14449727 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid14449727 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\sectd \linex0\headery1152\footery432\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11618899 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 {\*\bkmkstart BODY}
Reason for admission hypoxemic and hypercapnic respiratory failure. This is a very pleasant 68-year-old woman with a past medical history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and scoliosis as well }{\insrsid11039702\charrsid3556164   }{
\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 as metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung who is admitted to }{\insrsid5070119\charrsid3556164 Hospital}{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid7736390 Name }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 in }{
\insrsid5070119\charrsid3556164 City}{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164  on }{\f302\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid7736390\delrsid16733694\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 
with altered mental status. The patient's adenocarcinoma of the lung was diagnosed in 2015 and was staged clinically at T4N3. She initially underwent chemotherapy with carboplatinum with four rounds followed by che
moradiation to her residual disease with weekly docetaxel last received }{\f302\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 reportedly with a good response \{period\} In }{
\f302\insrsid7736390\charrsid7736390 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid7736390\charrsid7736390  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 she was noted to develop brain metastases and received stereotactic brain radiotherapy \{period\} In }{
\f302\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 she was noted to have progression of her brain metastases and underwent whole brain radiation therapy completed in }{
\f302\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 \{period\} Her outpatient clinical course was further complicated by an episode of pulmonary embolism in }{
\f302\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 and she had been managed on Xarelto x a r e l t o since that time \{period\} She was hospitalized at }{
\insrsid7736390\charrsid3556164 Hospital }{\insrsid7736390 Name }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 in }{\f302\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 
for an episode of respiratory failure receiving antibiotics and ultimately discharged home \{period\} In }{\f302\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 she was again ho
spitalized at }{\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164 Hospital }{\insrsid11993585 Name }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 when she was noted to have an unsteady gait \{period\}
 MRI of the brain showed some progression of disease with edema in the left posterior parietal region with leptomeningeal involvement \{period\} She was started on corticosteroids and she has been maintained on this since that time \{period\}
 CT scanning at that time showed progression of her lung cancer with new nodules reported as well as extensive pulmonary emboli \{period\} Since that time her clinical course has been somewhat in decl
ine and she is reportedly remained less ambulatory and active since that time \{period\} On }{\f302\insrsid11993585\charrsid3556164 month dd, yyyy}{\insrsid11993585\delrsid16733694\charrsid3556164  }{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 
she was scheduled to see her regular oncologist }{\insrsid4917310\charrsid3556164 The physician}{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164  but was instead brought to the emergency department with altered mental status \{period\} T
he patient's daughter also reported at that time an episode of large volume of watery diarrhea \{period\} She was noted to be significantly anemia significant anemic with the admitting hemoglobin of 6.2 \{period\}
 Head CT scan showed no new acute findings \{period\} She was however noted to have a new pneumonia and was treated with antibiotics \{period\} Her stay was also complicated by an episode of pseudomembranous colitis for which she has completed therapy \{
period\} She entered the hospital on low dose of Keppra
 250 mg b.i.d. but after health care workers noticed a rhythmic twitching of her face on one episode her Keppra dose was empirically increased to 750 mg b.i.d. According to the daughter, an EEG was performed which reportedly showed no evidence of ongoing 
seizure activity \{period\} She also reportedly had an episode of urinary tract infection at }{\insrsid12722590\charrsid3556164 Hospital }{\insrsid12722590 Name}{\insrsid11618899\charrsid3556164 \{period\}
 She has been in persistent respiratory failure during this admission requiring noninvasive mechanical ventilation initially through most of the day 
and night although over the past several days she is reportedly able to spend six to eight hours intermittently off mechanical ventilation \{period\}
 She reportedly was capable of taking pureed foods although she only takes a few bites at a time and is primarily dependent on nasogastric tube feedings to support her nutritional needs \{period\}
 At the time of assessment she was alert but with relatively short attention span \{period\} She is seemed oriented to person, place, and time and had no specific complaints of pain or dyspnea at the time of assessment \{period\}
 Past medical history number one chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Two metastatic adenocarcinoma of the lung as described above. Three extensive pulmonary emboli on chronic anticoagulation. Four br
ain and leptomeningeal metastases status post stereotactic and whole brain radiation. Five intermittent thrombocytopenia felt to be due to ongoing infection versus bone marrow involvement. Six recent enterococcal bacteremia \{comma\}
 resolved. Seven recent closed sputum difficile colitis. Eight recent aspiration pneumonia \{comma\} resolved. Nine recurrent anemia \{comma\}
 multifactorial. Ten previous GI bleeding. Family history father had a history of lung cancer. Social history patient is widowed with two child
ren. Smoking history patient smoked half a pack of cigarettes per day for 50 years quitting in 2016. Occupational history unknown. Illicit drug use none. Alcohol history none. Allergies to paper tape, aspirin, and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories. Medicat
i
ons Duragesic patch 25 mcg per hour one topically every three days. Decadron 2 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Bio-K one cap down the NG tube daily. Miconazole 1 g topically b.i.d. Xarelto 20 mg down the NG tube daily. Mucomyst 600 mg nebulized t.i.d. Xopenex 
0
.63 mg nebulized t.i.d. Nutren 1.5 250 cc bolus feedings t.i.d. at 0800, 1300, and 1800 hours. Nystatin statin oral suspension 500,000 units q.i.d. Ativan 0.25 mg IV push q.2 hours p.r.n. for seizures. Protonix 40 mg IV push b.i.d. Hydromorphone 0.5 mg IV
 
push q.2 hours p.r.n. for severe pain. Acetazolamide 250 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Lexapro 10 mg down the NG tube q.h.s. Gabapentin 300 mg down the NG tube t.i.d. Keppra 750 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Metoprolol 12.5 mg down the NG tube b.i.d. Physical e
x
am this is a ill-appearing cushingoid elderly woman in no acute respiratory distress but somewhat somnolent and requiring intermittent ventilatory support with noninvasive mechanical ventilation. Temperature 97 9, pulse 70, respirations 20, blood pressure
 104/54, oxygen saturation 97% on 60% high-flow nasal cannula oxygen. Head the patient appears cushingoid but no evidence{\*\bkmkend BODY}.
\par }}