{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f409\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f410\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f412\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f413\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f416\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f417\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid412351\rsid1202925\rsid1730103\rsid2512071\rsid2978013\rsid3108774\rsid4087885\rsid4414208\rsid5668680\rsid5701809\rsid7698365\rsid8025425\rsid8324184\rsid8330547\rsid9723497\rsid10838786\rsid11554921\rsid11668808\rsid11824299
\rsid11873437\rsid12012623\rsid13585790\rsid14363240\rsid14818850\rsid15074612\rsid15761159\rsid16206174\rsid16389567\rsid16416135}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info
{\title Reason for admission number one is acute on chronic respiratory failure}{\author  }{\operator ets}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min53}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min53}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords589}{\nofchars3359}
{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws3941}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot5701809 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Peridot1 (Peridot1)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#>}}\ltrpar 
\sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}
{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid2512071 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
Reason for admission number one is acute on chronic respiratory failure. Next is generalized weakness. Next is idiopathic muscular dystrophy. Next is coronary artery disease. Next is hypertension. Next is pulmonary hypertension. Next is history of COPD. N
ext is atrial fibrillation. Next is discharge diagnoses the same as above please add diastolic heart failure. Next is bradycardia. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia, requiring G-tube placement. Next is consultants on the case }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2512071\charrsid16206174 are }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16416135\charrsid16206174 The Physician }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid16206174 from Gastroenterology. Next is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid16416135\charrsid16206174 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid16206174  from Psychiatry. Next is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16416135\charrsid16206174 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2512071\charrsid16206174  from Cardiology. Next is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16416135\charrsid16206174 The Physician}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid16206174  from}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
 Pulmonary Medicine. Next is history of present excuse me next is p}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid1202925 ertinent studies performed during hospitalization}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 . Chest x-ray on }{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid412351\charrsid15074612 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid15074612 
 shows persistant bilateral pulmonary [skip] demonstrate pulmonary progression pulmonary congestion unchanged from prior study. Next is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid412351\charrsid15074612 Month DD, YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2512071\charrsid15074612  soft tissue x-rays show diffuse osteoporosis of the C5 vertebra with mild degenerative changes. Next is }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid412351\charrsid15074612 Month DD, YYYY }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid2512071\charrsid15074612 abdominal}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071  ultrasound shows no evidence of ascites, no cholelithiasis. Next is history of present illness patient is a pleasant 77-year-old female, who presented }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid9723497 from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4414208 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid9723497  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3108774\charrsid9723497 Hospital}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3108774\charrsid3108774  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 with generalized weakness. Patient at that time was found s
tatus post mechanical fall, where she fell over and hit her head. Patient had a head CT, did not reveal any evidence of acute bleed. Patient had acute on chronic respiratory failure with hypoxic respiratory failure. During the course of her hospitalizatio
n
, patient was found to have idiopathic muscular dystropathy dystrophy with a progressive degenerative changes. Patient continued to have weakness of her diaphragm muscles; thus, the patient was intubated. Patient had an NG tube placed and is transferred t
o }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4414208 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4414208\charrsid9723497  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid9723497 H}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
ospital for further respiratory care. Patient is on a tracheostomy without G-tube. Next is hospital course by problem list number one acute on chronic respiratory failure, likely progressive secondary to diaphragmatic weakness due to idiopathic musc
ular dystrophy. Patient was placed on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid7698365 TIPS}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
 protocol.  Patient progressed to TIPS #4 but seemed to plateau, unable to generate enough muscular negative pressure for inspiration. Next is generalized weakness, likely progressive due to idiopathic muscular dys
trophy. Patient had an ESR and CRP did not show any elevation. CPK was negative. Patient was recommended to follow up with a neurologist upon discharge. Next is coronary artery disease. Patient did not have any chest pain, lightheadedness, or dizziness. N
e
xt is COPD with pulmonary hypertension. Patient did not have any wheezing during hospitalization. Next is atrial fibrillation. Patient was in irregular rate, but normal rhythm. Patient did have bouts of bradycardia during hospitalization. Patient was disc
o
ntinued and restarted on her beta-blocker with under the direction of Cardiology. Patient does have salvos of tachycardia into the 130s to 140s when she becomes agitated and irritated. Next is oropharyngeal dysphagia. Patient had an NG tube feeding, now c
u
rrently has a G-tube. A G-tube was contraindicated before secondary to ascites, but the patient had an ultrasound, did not reveal any evidence of ascites. Next is anxiety. Patient was seen by Psychiatry during the hospitalization, was given Ativan. Patien
t was controlled her anxiety was controlled. Next is education. We provided education to her family regarding her hospitalization. I met the patient's daughter and husband and provided them a summary of the hospital course. Patient will be discharged to }
{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4414208 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4414208\charrsid9723497  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid11554921 Skilled}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
 Nursing Facility as the family wishes. Next is discharge medication list please see discharge medications. Next is condition }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071\charrsid16389567 on dicharge c}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2512071 
onsidered stable. Next is code status patient is full code. Next is tube feedings continue current tube feedings at 60 cc an hour. This is the end of dictation for this patient. Thank you.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid5701809 
\par }}