{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch37\stshfhich37\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f37\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}
{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}
{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}{\f409\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f410\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f412\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f413\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur{\*\falt Century Gothic};}
{\f416\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic{\*\falt Century Gothic};}{\f417\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese){\*\falt Century Gothic};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;
\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;
\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0{\lsdlockedexcept Normal;heading 1;heading 2;heading 3;heading 4;heading 5;heading 6;heading 7;heading 8;heading 9;toc 1;toc 2;toc 3;toc 4;toc 5;toc 6;toc 7;toc 8;toc 9;caption;Title;Default Paragraph Font;Subtitle;Strong;Emphasis;Table Grid;}}
{\*\rsidtbl \rsid225993\rsid276207\rsid620448\rsid1525913\rsid1851184\rsid2104715\rsid2504293\rsid2979043\rsid3035125\rsid3355469\rsid3746169\rsid4143990\rsid4346862\rsid4669021\rsid4677077\rsid5253373\rsid5391529\rsid5583377\rsid6780592\rsid7537930
\rsid7818382\rsid7953750\rsid10309676\rsid10497560\rsid11082213\rsid11675772\rsid12190562\rsid13249925\rsid14488822\rsid14627871\rsid14758226\rsid15019645\rsid15159607\rsid15939503\rsid16000947\rsid16003228\rsid16131266\rsid16202699\rsid16542289}
{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title This is The Physician Physician ID number is XXX-XXX-XXXX doing an admission dictation for The Patient}{\author  }{\operator ets}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min18}
{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min18}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords809}{\nofchars4617}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws5416}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1440\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot14627871 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - Peridot5 (Peridot5)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#>}}
\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid225993 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 
Reason for admission number one hypoxemic respiratory failure requiring BiPAP without intubation. Next is influenza A. Nedxt is Pseudomonas pneumonia, status post IV antibiotics. Next is history of COPD with exacerbation and bronchospasm. Next is obstruct
ive sleep apnea and obesity hypoventilation syndrome. Next is deconditioning. Next is diabetes. Next is hypertension. Next hyperthyroid. Next is functional quadriplegia. Next is reason for admission transferred from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid10309676 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699  Hospital for ongoing respiratory therapy and care. Next is history of present illness the patient is a }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid620448 90}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 -year-old female with history of diabetes, hypertension, COPD \{slash\} asthma, obstructive sleep apnea and obesity with hyperthyroidism, transferred to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid10309676 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699  Hospital on }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11675772\charrsid16202699 M}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3035125\charrsid16202699 onth }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11675772\charrsid16202699 DD}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3035125\charrsid16202699 , }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11675772\charrsid16202699 YYYY}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 
 with
 complaints of shortness of breath, fevers, and productive sputum. The patient was seen and evaluated and found to have positive test for influenza A and Pseudomonas in her sputum. The patient was treated with IV antibiotics and Tamiflu. The patient conti
nued the course of patient was unable to be weaned off the BiPAP and continued to have severe weakness. The patient was eventually transferred to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10309676 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid225993\charrsid16202699  Hospital. While at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid16542289 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 
 Hospital, the patient has sustained a non-ST segment elevation MI. She had a left 
heart catheterization without any evidence of obstructive coronary artery disease. The patient did not receive any intervention and the patient is currently on a BiPAP and daughter is at bedside to provide history.
\par 
\par Review of systems a 12-point review of s
ystems is otherwise negative as mentioned in HPI. Next is allergies no known drug allergies. Next is current medication list on transfer DuoNebs q. four hours next is aspirin 81 mg orally q. day next is atorvastatin, next is methimazole next is metoprolol
 
next is insulin sliding scale next is Zofran as needed. Next is past medical history remote abdominal history per chart. Next is past hospitalization patient was hospitalized before for pneumonia and asthma exacerbation. No history of intubation. Next is 
f
amily history reviewed, noncontributory. Next is social history patient lives with her daughter and the son who are involved in her care. Denies any current drug, alcohol, or tobacco. She is Spanish speaking. Next is physical examination on the hospital f
l
oor, temperature is 97, pulse is 70, respiratory rate is 20, blood pressure is 120/60 with BiPAP setting of 12/5, FiO2 of 0.45%. Next is head is normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Very dry mucous membranes. Neck no lymphad
e
nopathy. Thick. No thyromegaly. Cardiovascular is regular rate and rhythm. Normal S1, S2. There is a murmur heard in the left upper sternal border that is faint. There is no splitting. Lungs decreased breath sounds bilaterally in the lower lobe. Poor insp
i
ratory effort. Abdomen is soft, distended with pannus. No rebound or guarding. No right upper quadrant or right lower quadrant pain or tenderness. Extremities no clubbing, cyanosis, or edema. There is thin skin. The patient shows evidence of truncal obesi
t
y with steroid facies. Next is current laboratory demonstrates WBC of 6.9, hemoglobin 10.7, platelets of 81. Chemistry shows sodium of 158, potassium of 2.5, chloride is 114, bicarbonate is 36, BUN is 52, and creatinine is 0.63. Her phosphorus is 1.2. Cur
r
ent chest x-ray demonstrates patchy infiltrates in the perihilar and left basilar region suspicious for pneumonia. Next is current medications patient is on no IV antibiotics at this time. Next is assessment and plan patient is a very pleasant Spanish-spe
aking }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid1851184 90}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 -year-old female with history of obesity, hypertension, hyperlipidemia, asthma, presented to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid14488822 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699  Hospital for shortness of breath and fever, was found to have Pseudomonas pneumonia, was influenza A positive, was found to have hypoxic respiratory fa
ilure, was transferred to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14488822 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid225993\charrsid16202699 
 Hospital for ongoing care for hypoxic respiratory failure. next is hospital course per problem list number one hypoxemic respiratory failure, multifactorial, secondary to obesity hypoventilation syndrome, obstructive sleep ap
nea, influenza A, and recent Pseudomonal pneumonia. The patient will be continued on BiPAP. The patient is status post treatment for her influenza and her Pseudomonas. Next is influenza type A. We will continue to monitor and the patient does not have any
 
secretions build up at this point and is safe for BiPAP. Next is pneumonia with Pseudomonas, status post Levaquin and IV antibiotics. We will repeat sputum culture. Next is history of asthma/chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, history of bronchospasm. 
The patient will be monitored off steroids. We will start steroids if she starts to wheeze. Next is diabetes. Continue sliding scale. Next is anemia \{slash\}
 anemia of chronic disease. We will monitor hemoglobin. We will follow up with transfusion as needed.
 Next is non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction described as demand type two ischemia. No evidence of obstructive coronary artery disease. Next is hyperthyroidism. Continue her methimazole. Next is generalized weakness with functional quadriplegia
. We will get PT/OT evaluation and continue mobility protocol, aspiration precaution. Next is code status. The patient is DNR/DNI as conferred by the patient's daughter, who is sitting at the bedside. This is end of dictation for this patient thank you}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14627871\charrsid16202699 
\par }}