{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman{\*\falt Times};}{\f39\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE{\*\falt Times};}
{\f40\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr{\*\falt Times};}{\f42\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek{\*\falt Times};}{\f43\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur{\*\falt Times};}
{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew){\*\falt Times};}{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic){\*\falt Times};}{\f46\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic{\*\falt Times};}
{\f47\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese){\*\falt Times};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 \styrsid4467654 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 \slink16 \styrsid4467654 footer;}{\*\cs16 
\additive \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon10 \slink15 \slocked \styrsid4467654 Footer Char;}}{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid26352\rsid141649\rsid725034\rsid739550
\rsid1199686\rsid1337974\rsid1460815\rsid1524881\rsid1798963\rsid1802066\rsid2106731\rsid2509354\rsid2715298\rsid3345510\rsid3680539\rsid3876893\rsid3879162\rsid3934464\rsid4195708\rsid4270320\rsid4467654\rsid4674524\rsid4934463\rsid4945875\rsid5204362
\rsid5375838\rsid5521516\rsid5647460\rsid5781662\rsid6454783\rsid6503854\rsid6702740\rsid6975217\rsid6977869\rsid7278675\rsid7562385\rsid7741438\rsid7811838\rsid8267636\rsid8617830\rsid8943753\rsid9071974\rsid9441449\rsid10179298\rsid10231714\rsid11030108
\rsid11034054\rsid11035288\rsid11107520\rsid12144585\rsid12320853\rsid12322989\rsid13391700\rsid14034596\rsid14489999\rsid14633970\rsid15013846\rsid16001112\rsid16189471\rsid16664160}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title This is Dr}
{\author  }{\operator ets}{\creatim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min22}{\revtim\yr2018\mo10\dy23\hr1\min22}{\version1}{\edmins0}{\nofpages1}{\nofwords817}{\nofchars4660}{\*\company M2}{\nofcharsws5467}{\vern24611}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http:
//schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1152\margr1152\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin
\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1152\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale140\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot2509354 \fet0
{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR4_TemplateID}{<#TemplateID#><#TemplateID#><#0#><#TemplateID#><#0#>}}{\*\docvar {M2DOCVAR6_TranscriptInfo}{<#4 - sganesh (GS)#><#4 - sganesh (GS)#>}}{\*\ftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid725034 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\ftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid725034 \chftnsepc 
\par }}{\*\aftnsep \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid725034 \chftnsep 
\par }}{\*\aftnsepc \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid725034 \chftnsepc 
\par }}\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\headery1152\footery432\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\footerr \ltrpar \pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\qc \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid2106731\charrsid10231714 
\par }}{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid4467654 
\rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875 
Reason for admission number one sepsis with septic shock. Next is a ascending cholangitis with obstruction, status post ERCP. Next is a gallstones without any further obstruction. Next is a toxic metabolic encephalopathy due to sepsis encephalopathy. Next
 is a metabolic acidosis with lactic acidosis. Next is transaminitis due to cholangitis. Next is coagulopathy. Next dehydration. Next is a electrolyte abnormality. Next is acute tubular necrosis \{slash\}
 acute renal failure, resolving. Next is a non-ST segment elevation MI due to demand ischemia. Next is a acute renal failure excuse me next is a leukocytosis, status post IV antibiotics. Next is a reason for admission transferred from }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3879162 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875  Medical Center, status post ascending cholangitis with septic shock and acute respiratory failure, here at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid3879162 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3879162\charrsid4945875  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875 
Hospital for ongoing respiratory care and management. Next is history of present illness patient is a very pleasant 88-year-old female with history of hypertension, diabetes, coronary artery disease, obesity, presented to }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid3879162 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3879162\charrsid4945875  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875 
Medical Center status post being found down. Patient was found to have ascending cholangitis, had sepsis with septic shock and pneumobilia. Patient was then taken for emergent ERCP, continued to have sepsis and acute respiratory failure in the 
ICU. Patient was found to have pneumonia. Patient was continued on IV antibiotics and then stabilized.
\par 
\par Unfortunately, the patient was unable to be weaned off from the ventilator, had a tracheostomy placed, had a G-tube placed and is getting NG tube feedin
gs I mean excuse me PEG tube feedings. Next is a allergies no known drug allergies. Next is a current medication list please see medication list upon admission for further detail which include prednisone 40 mg. IV [skip] Protonix. Next is Lactobacillus. N
e
xt is a Reglan. Next is a Coreg. Next is a Lasix IV. Next is a morphine. Next is a Hydralazine. Next is a past medical history as per HPI. Next is a past surgical history denies. Next is a past hospitalization hospitalized for pneumonia in the past. Next 
i
s a social excuse me family history reviewed, noncontributory. Social history patient lives alone, is able to function independently. Denies any current drugs, alcohol, or tobacco. Next is a physical examination on the hospital floor, temperature is 1 exc
u
se me 98.4, blood pressure is 139/65, pulse of 66, respiratory rate of 19, saturating 100% on 40% FiO2, AC mode, and tidal volume of 450. Next head normocephalic, atraumatic. Sclerae nonicteric. Oropharynx is clear. Dry mucous membranes. Neck with tracheo
s
tomy site. No deviation. Thick. Abdomen at distended with pannus. Does have a G-tube. Lungs clear anteriorly and bilateral lower lobes shows decreased breath sounds. Cardiovascular is regular rate and rhythm. Next is extremities no clubbing or cyanosis. T
here is +2 pedal edema bilaterally up to the mid shin. There is cap refill less than two seconds and peripheral pulses are present. Dorsal pedal pulses are present. Next is a current laboratory at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3879162 
Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid3879162\charrsid4945875  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875 Hospital demonstrates WBC of 16,000, hemoglobin 8.4, pl
atelets of 243. Chemistry shows sodium 140, chloride is 114, BUN is 74, creatinine is 1.7. Number next albumin is 2.9. A chest x-ray shows bibasilar infiltrate, could represent atelectasis and pneumonia. Next is a assessment and plan patient is a very unf
ortunate 88-year-old female with history of hypertension, diabetes, obesity, presented to the ED after being found down, found to have ascending cholangitis, status post emergent ERCP with sepsis and septic shock. Patient is now at }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14034596 Hospital Name}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid14034596\charrsid4945875  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid4467654\charrsid4945875 Hospital for acute r
espiratory failure and continued weaning off the ventilator. Next is hospital course per problem list number one infection from ascending cholangitis, status post treatment, currently resolved. Patient does demonstrate leukocytosis, does have evidence of 
b
ilateral basilar infiltrates for pneumonia on chest x-ray. Patient does have history of sputum culture that shows Candida albicans and blood cultures in the past have demonstrated E-coli. Patient is status post treatment. Next is a ascending cholangitis, 
c
onsidered resolved, status post IV antibiotics. Next is bacteremia. Patient is status post two weeks of IV antibiotics for her bacteremia. Patient is currently not on any IV antibiotics at this time. We will consult ID for possibility of leukocytosis, may
 
consider another source of urinary tract infection, bacteremia versus right upper quadrant repeat obstruction, status post ERCP. Patient does have a history of gallstones. Next is a gallstones without evidence of obstruction. Patient had an ultrasound tha
t
 was negative. I will continue to follow up. Next is a toxic metabolic encephalopathy, status post sepsis encephalopathy and shock, currently slow to improve. CT scan of the head was negative. Next is a non-ST-segment elevation MI with history of coronary
 artery disease. Patient was seen by cardiologist. This was medically managed. Next is a acute tubular necrosis \{slash\}
 acute renal failure, likely associated with prerenal azotemia. Patient will be provided with IV fluid hydration. Next is a severe protein
-calorie malnutrition. Will continue to monitor. Will increase her tube feeding for a total goal rate of 2400 calories per day. Next is a DVT prophylaxis. Provide SCDs. Next is a GI prophylaxis. Provide Protonix. Next is a code status. The patient is full
 code. This end of dictation for this patient thank you.
\par }}